Funk	v. t.	To envelop with an offensive smell or smoke.
Reduce	n.	To bring to a certain state or condition by grinding, pounding, kneading, rubbing, etc.; as, to reduce a substance to powder, or to a pasty mass; to reduce fruit, wood, or paper rags, to pulp.
Incense	v. t.	To inflame with anger; to endkindle; to fire; to incite; to provoke; to heat; to madden.
Abbreviation	n.	The act of shortening, or reducing.
Zedoary	n.	A medicinal substance obtained in the East Indies, having a fragrant smell, and a warm, bitter, aromatic taste. It is used in medicine as a stimulant.
Y	pron.	I.
Jack	n.	In hunting, the pan or frame holding the fuel of the torch used to attract game at night; also, the light itself.
Zinkenite	n.	A steel-gray metallic mineral, a sulphide of antimony and lead.
Pippin	n.	An apple from a tree raised from the seed and not grafted; a seedling apple.
Line	n.	The wire connecting one telegraphic station with another, or the whole of a system of telegraph wires under one management and name.
Chape	n.	The metal plate or tip which protects the end of a scabbard, belt, etc.
Xyloplastic	a.	Formed of wood pulp by molds; relating to casts made of wood pulp in molds.
Juristical	a.	Of or pertaining to a jurist, to the legal profession, or to jurisprudence.
Xanthoprotein	n.	A yellow acid substance formed by the action of hot nitric acid on albuminous or proteid matter. It is changed to a deep orange-yellow color by the addition of ammonia.
Valuer	n.	One who values; an appraiser.
Geode	n.	A nodule of stone, containing a cavity, lined with crystals or mineral matter.
Justify	v. i.	To take oath to the ownership of property sufficient to qualify one's self as bail or surety.
Quilling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Quill
Nip	n.	A pinch with the nails or teeth.
Wive	v. i.	To marry, as a man; to take a wife.
Disjection	n.	Destruction; dispersion.
Livery	n.	An allowance of food statedly given out; a ration, as to a family, to servants, to horses, etc.
Gigantical	a.	Bulky, big.
Rapper	n.	One who, or that which, raps or knocks; specifically, the knocker of a door.
Baboon	n.	One of the Old World Quadrumana, of the genera Cynocephalus and Papio; the dog-faced ape. Baboons have dog-like muzzles and large canine teeth, cheek pouches, a short tail, and naked callosities on the buttocks. They are mostly African. See Mandrill, and Chacma, and Drill an ape.
Nasty	superl.	Characterized by obcenity; indecent; indelicate; gross; filthy.
Xylindein	n.	A green or blue pigment produced by Peziza in certain kinds of decayed wood, as the beech, oak, birch, etc., and extracted as an amorphous powder resembling indigo.
Yoke	n.	Two animals yoked together; a couple; a pair that work together.
Veneration	n.	The act of venerating, or the state of being venerated; the highest degree of respect and reverence; respect mingled with awe; a feeling or sentimental excited by the dignity, wisdom, or superiority of a person, by sacredness of character, by consecration to sacred services, or by hallowed associations.
Bisetose	a.	Alt. of Bisetous
Ado	n.	Doing; trouble; difficulty; troublesome business; fuss; bustle; as, to make a great ado about trifles.
Xanthous	a.	Yellow; specifically (Ethnol.), of or pertaining to those races of man which have yellowish, red, auburn, or brown hair.
Unbreathed	a.	Not breathed.
Grizzled	a.	Gray; grayish; sprinkled or mixed with gray; of a mixed white and black.
Reduce	n.	To bring into a certain order, arrangement, classification, etc.; to bring under rules or within certain limits of descriptions and terms adapted to use in computation; as, to reduce animals or vegetables to a class or classes; to reduce a series of observations in astronomy; to reduce language to rules.
Contusion	n.	A bruise; an injury attended with more or less disorganization of the subcutaneous tissue and effusion of blood beneath the skin, but without apparent wound.
Yard	v. i.	A long piece of timber, as a rafter, etc.
Drama	n.	A composition, in prose or poetry, accommodated to action, and intended to exhibit a picture of human life, or to depict a series of grave or humorous actions of more than ordinary interest, tending toward some striking result. It is commonly designed to be spoken and represented by actors on the stage.
Dispiritment	n.	Depression of spirits; discouragement.
Organographical	a.	Of or pertaining to organography.
Jackstay	n.	A rail of wood or iron stretching along a yard of a vessel, to which the sails are fastened.
Halesia	n.	A genus of American shrubs containing several species, called snowdrop trees, or silver-bell trees. They have showy, white flowers, drooping on slender pedicels.
Occasional	a.	Produced by accident; as, the occasional origin of a thing.
Duodecimo	n.	A book consisting of sheets each of which is folded into twelve leaves; hence, indicating, more or less definitely, a size of a book; -- usually written 12mo or 12�.
Kymry	n.	See Cymry.
Minas	pl.	of Mina
Fizzing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Fizz
Inversion	n.	The folding back of strata upon themselves, as by upheaval, in such a manner that the order of succession appears to be reversed.
Quindecemvir	n.	One of a sacerdotal college of fifteen men whose chief duty was to take care of the Sibylline books.
Inuloid	n.	A substance resembling inulin, found in the unripe bulbs of the dahila.
Zooecia	pl.	of Zooecium
Tautomeric	a.	Relating to, or characterized by, tautomerism.
Quadrijugous	a.	Pinnate, with four pairs of leaflets; as, a quadrijugous leaf.
Wodegeld	n.	A geld, or payment, for wood.
Quip	v. t.	To taunt; to treat with quips.
Northeasterly	adv.	Toward the northeast.
Xylidine	n.	Any one of six metameric hydrocarbons, (CH3)2.C6H3.NH2, resembling aniline, and related to xylene. They are liquids, or easily fusible crystalline substances, of which three are derived from metaxylene, two from orthoxylene, and one from paraxylene. They are called the amido xylenes.
Xanthochroic	a.	Having a yellowish or fair complexion; of or pertaining to the Xanthochroi.
Earnestful	a.	Serious.
Inapathy	n.	Sensibility; feeling; -- opposed to apathy.
Misunderstanding	n.	Disagreement; difference of opinion; dissension; quarrel.
Atellan	a.	Of or pertaining to Atella, in ancient Italy; as, Atellan plays; farcical; ribald.
Yoke	n.	The quantity of land plowed in a day by a yoke of oxen.
Fondled	imp. & p. p.	of Fondle
Chock	n.	A wedge, or block made to fit in any space which it is desired to fill, esp. something to steady a cask or other body, or prevent it from moving, by fitting into the space around or beneath it.
Herling	n.	Alt. of Hirling
Prick	n.	To render acid or pungent.
Weedy	superl.	Abounding with weeds; as, weedy grounds; a weedy garden; weedy corn.
Omniform	a.	Having every form or shape.
Lucubrator	n.	One who studies by night; also, one who produces lucubrations.
Xenia	pl.	of Xenium
Armature	n.	Iron bars or framing employed for the consolidation of a building, as in sustaining slender columns, holding up canopies, etc.
Fraudful	a.	Full of fraud, deceit, or treachery; trickish; treacherous; fraudulent; -- applied to persons or things.
Zoological	a.	Of or pertaining to zoology, or the science of animals.
Bigotry	n.	The state of mind of a bigot; obstinate and unreasoning attachment of one's own belief and opinions, with narrow-minded intolerance of beliefs opposed to them.
Zouave	n.	One of an active and hardy body of soldiers in the French service, originally Arabs, but now composed of Frenchmen who wear the Arab dress.
Recital	n.	The formal statement, or setting forth, of some matter of fact in any deed or writing in order to explain the reasons on which the transaction is founded; the statement of matter in pleading introductory to some positive allegation.
Commended	imp. & p. p.	of Commend
Smoky	superl.	Having the appearance or nature of smoke; as, a smoky fog.
Verrayment	adv.	Verily; truly.
Uneasiness	n.	The quality or state of being uneasy; restlessness; disquietude; anxiety.
Nutcracker	n.	The American, or Clarke's, nutcracker (Picicorvus Columbianus) of Western North America.
Soma	n.	The whole axial portion of an animal, including the head, neck, trunk, and tail.
Befog	v. t.	To involve in a fog; -- mostly as a participle or part. adj.
Nonpreparation	n.	Neglect or failure to prepare; want of preparation.
Overgo	v. t.	To oppress; to weigh down.
Shuck	n.	A shell, husk, or pod; especially, the outer covering of such nuts as the hickory nut, butternut, peanut, and chestnut.
Swough	n.	A sound; a groan; a moan; a sough.
Remediable	a.	Capable of being remedied or cured.
Kabassou	n.	See Cabassou.
Yellow-covered	a.	Covered or bound in yellow paper.
Overperch	v. t.	To perch upon; to fly over.
Tropeine	n.	Any one of a series of artificial ethereal salts derived from the alkaloidal base tropine.
Causation	n.	The act of causing; also the act or agency by which an effect is produced.
Technic	a.	The method of performance in any art; technical skill; artistic execution; technique.
Unpin	v. t.	To loose from pins; to remove the pins from; to unfasten; as, to unpin a frock; to unpin a frame.
Steganographist	n.	One skilled in steganography; a cryptographer.
Annihilate	v. t.	To destroy the form or peculiar distinctive properties of, so that the specific thing no longer exists; as, to annihilate a forest by cutting down the trees.
Yawl-rigged	a.	Having two masts with fore-and-aft sails, but differing from a schooner in that the after mast is very small, and stepped as far aft as possible.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Xylograph	n.	An engraving on wood, or the impression from such an engraving; a print by xylography.
Hopple	v. t.	Fig.: To entangle; to hamper.
Bifidate	a.	See Bifid.
Oppidan	n.	An inhabitant of a town.
Col	n.	A short ridge connecting two higher elevations or mountains; the pass over such a ridge.
Berserker	n.	One of a class of legendary heroes, who fought frenzied by intoxicating liquors, and naked, regardless of wounds.
Cosmopolitan	n.	Alt. of Cosmopolite
Shrine	n.	Any sacred place, as an altar, tromb, or the like.
Gallop	v. i.	Fig.: To go rapidly or carelessly, as in making a hasty examination.
Make	v. t.	To require; to constrain; to compel; to force; to cause; to occasion; -- followed by a noun or pronoun and infinitive.
Nestling	n.	A young bird which has not abandoned the nest.
Woodwardia	n.	A genus of ferns, one species of which (Woodwardia radicans) is a showy plant in California, the Azores, etc.
Limbat	n.	A cooling periodical wind in the Isle of Cyprus, blowing from the northwest from eight o'clock, A. M., to the middle of the day or later.
Leech	n.	A glass tube of peculiar construction, adapted for drawing blood from a scarified part by means of a vacuum.
Jugula	pl.	of Jugulum
Mannish	a.	Resembling a human being in form or nature; human.
Jimmies	pl.	of Jimmy
Gashed	imp. & p. p.	of Gash
Noonday	n.	Midday; twelve o'clock in the day; noon.
Precipitate	v. i.	To dash or fall headlong.
Flexuose	a.	Flexuous.
Nakoo	n.	The gavial.
Zacco	n.	See Zocco.
Kalmuck	n.	See Calmucks.
Neologically	adv.	In a neological manner.
Pursefuls	pl.	of Purseful
Dunder	n.	The lees or dregs of cane juice, used in the distillation of rum.
Beaker	n.	A large drinking cup, with a wide mouth, supported on a foot or standard.
Folding	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Fold
Trick	a.	An artifice or stratagem; a cunning contrivance; a sly procedure, usually with a dishonest intent; as, a trick in trade.
Circus	n.	A circular inclosure for the exhibition of feats of horsemanship, acrobatic displays, etc. Also, the company of performers, with their equipage.
Unclosed	a.	Not closed; not sealed; open.
Rubato	a.	Robbed; borrowed.
Dittander	n.	A kind of peppergrass (Lepidium latifolium).
Branded	imp. & p. p.	of Brand
Hydroid	a.	Related to, or resembling, the hydra; of or pertaining to the Hydroidea.
Incitation	n.	The act of inciting or moving to action.
Zooid	n.	An animal in one of its inferior stages of development, as one of the intermediate forms in alternate generation.
Meal-mouthed	a.	See Mealy-mouthed.
Oosporangia	pl.	of Oosporangium
Pounced	a.	Ornamented with perforations or dots.
Redolency	n.	The quality of being redolent; sweetness of scent; pleasant odor; fragrance.
Pondering	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Ponder
Quietly	adv.	Without tumult, alarm, dispute, or disturbance; peaceably; as, to live quietly; to sleep quietly.
Quarter	n.	The after-part of a vessel's side, generally corresponding in extent with the quarter-deck; also, the part of the yardarm outside of the slings.
Recubation	n.	Recumbence.
Ursuline	a.	Of or pertaining to St. Ursula, or the order of Ursulines; as, the Ursuline nuns.
Jam	n.	A preserve of fruit boiled with sugar and water; as, raspberry jam; currant jam; grape jam.
Desire	v. t.	Excessive or morbid longing; lust; appetite.
Nauseous	a.	Causing, or fitted to cause, nausea; sickening; loathsome; disgusting; exciting abhorrence; as, a nauseous drug or medicine.
Junket	n.	A cheese cake; a sweetmeat; any delicate food.
Lapful	n.	As much as the lap can contain.
Dodded	a.	Without horns; as, dodded cattle; without beards; as, dodded corn.
Desynonymization	n.	The act of desynonymizing.
Quake	v. i.	To be agitated with quick, short motions continually repeated; to shake with fear, cold, etc.; to shudder; to tremble.
Latency	n.	The state or quality of being latent.
Midmost	a.	Middle; middlemost.
Reimbursed	imp. & p. p.	of Reimburse
Undersay	v. t.	To say by way of derogation or contradiction.
Kistvaen	n.	A Celtic monument, commonly known as a dolmen.
Quirk	n.	A fit or turn; a short paroxysm; a caprice.
Snuffing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Snuff
Lacwork	n.	Ornamentation by means of lacquer painted or carved, or simply colored, sprinkled with gold or the like; -- said especially of Oriental work of this kind.
Havelock	n.	A light cloth covering for the head and neck, used by soldiers as a protection from sunstroke.
Coldly	adv.	In a cold manner; without warmth, animation, or feeling; with indifference; calmly.
Glaive	n.	A sword; -- used poetically and loosely.
Terebrating	a.	Boring; piercing; -- applied to certain kinds of pain, especially to those of locomotor ataxia.
Hermetical	a.	Of or pertaining to the system which explains the causes of diseases and the operations of medicine on the principles of the hermetic philosophy, and which made much use, as a remedy, of an alkali and an acid; as, hermetic medicine.
Conjurer	n.	One who conjures; one who calls, entreats, or charges in a solemn manner.
Opalizing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Opalize
Nonacceptance	n.	A neglect or refusal to accept.
Dominion	n.	Sovereign or supreme authority; the power of governing and controlling; independent right of possession, use, and control; sovereignty; supremacy.
Zoographical	a.	Of or pertaining to the description of animals.
Yellowtail	n.	A California rockfish (Sebastodes flavidus).
Paymaster	n.	One who pays; one who compensates, rewards, or requites; specifically, an officer or agent of a government, a corporation, or an employer, whose duty it is to pay salaries, wages, etc., and keep account of the same.
Woodhack	n.	Alt. of Woodhacker
Zubr	n.	The aurochs.
Zonule	n.	A little zone, or girdle.
Remember	v. i.	To execise or have the power of memory; as, some remember better than others.
Eft	adv.	Again; afterwards; soon; quickly.
Motherhood	n.	The state of being a mother; the character or office of a mother.
Suspense	a.	The state of being suspended; specifically, a state of uncertainty and expectation, with anxiety or apprehension; indetermination; indecision; as, the suspense of a person waiting for the verdict of a jury.
Nitride	n.	A binary compound of nitrogen with a more metallic element or radical; as, boric nitride.
Candidateship	n.	Candidacy.
Dig	v. t.	To turn up, or delve in, (earth) with a spade or a hoe; to open, loosen, or break up (the soil) with a spade, or other sharp instrument; to pierce, open, or loosen, as if with a spade.
Violence	v. t.	To assault; to injure; also, to bring by violence; to compel.
Alterative	n.	A medicine or treatment which gradually induces a change, and restores healthy functions without sensible evacuations.
Geologian	n.	A geologist.
Warine	n.	A South American monkey, one of the sapajous.
Tubulation	n.	The act of shaping or making a tube, or of providing with a tube; also, a tube or tubulure; as, the tubulation of a retort.
General	a.	As a whole; in gross; for the most part.
Know	v. i.	To have knowledge; to have a clear and certain perception; to possess wisdom, instruction, or information; -- often with of.
Xanthogen	n.	Persulphocyanogen.
Army	n.	A collection or body of men armed for war, esp. one organized in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions, under proper officers.
Ramshackle	v. t.	To search or ransack; to rummage.
Internuncial	a.	Of or pertaining to an internuncio.
Rectangle	n.	A four-sided figure having only right angles; a right-angled parallelogram.
Vinny	a.	Vinnewed.
Querry	n.	A groom; an equerry.
Gunshot	a.	Made by the shot of a gun: as. a gunshot wound.
Xylamide	n.	An acid amide derivative of xylic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Whitewashing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Whitewash
Evener	n.	In vehicles, a swinging crossbar, to the ends of which other crossbars, or whiffletrees, are hung, to equalize the draught when two or three horses are used abreast.
Xeres	n.	Sherry.  See Sherry.
Vermilion	n.	A bright red pigment consisting of mercuric sulphide, obtained either from the mineral cinnabar or artificially. It has a fine red color, and is much used in coloring sealing wax, in printing, etc.
Lawyerly	a.	Like, or becoming, a lawyer; as, lawyerlike sagacity.
Emergencies	pl.	of Emergency
Din	v. i.	To sound with a din; a ding.
Order	n.	Of periods of time or occurrences, and the like.
Herrnhuter	n.	One of the Moravians; -- so called from the settlement of Herrnhut (the Lord's watch) made, about 1722, by the Moravians at the invitation of Nicholas Lewis, count of Zinzendorf, upon his estate in the circle of Bautzen.
Valvate	a.	Resembling, or serving as, a valve; consisting of, or opening by, a valve or valves; valvular.
Yester	a.	Last; last past; next before; of or pertaining to yesterday.
Foremostly	adv.	In the foremost place or order; among the foremost.
Farad	n.	The standard unit of electrical capacity; the capacity of a condenser whose charge, having an electro-motive force of one volt, is equal to the amount of electricity which, with the same electromotive force, passes through one ohm in one second; the capacity, which, charged with one coulomb, gives an electro-motive force of one volt.
Donatory	n.	A donee of the crown; one the whom, upon certain condition, escheated property is made over.
Heavened	imp. & p. p.	of Heaven
Zif	n.	The second month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, corresponding to our May.
Fancy	a.	Extravagant; above real value.
Kindred	n.	Relationship by birth or marriage; consanguinity; affinity; kin.
Yex	v. i.	A hiccough.
Personate	v. t.	To set forth in an unreal character; to disguise; to mask.
Way	n.	The means by which anything is reached, or anything is accomplished; scheme; device; plan.
Gauntlet	n.	A long glove, covering the wrist.
Chylifactive	a.	Producing, or converting into, chyle; having the power to form chyle.
Hornbook	n.	The first book for children, or that from which in former times they learned their letters and rudiments; -- so called because a sheet of horn covered the small, thin board of oak, or the slip of paper, on which the alphabet, digits, and often the Lord's Prayer, were written or printed; a primer.
Knighthead	n.	A bollard timber. See under Bollard.
Mendacity	n.	The quality or state of being mendacious; a habit of lying.
Recollection	n.	The power of recalling ideas to the mind, or the period within which things can be recollected; remembrance; memory; as, an event within my recollection.
Hive	n.	The bees of one hive; a swarm of bees.
Grating	n.	The strong wooden lattice used to cover a hatch, admitting light and air; also, a movable Lattice used for the flooring of boats.
Extractive	a.	Capable of being extracted.
Linen	n.	Thread or cloth made of flax or (rarely) of hemp; -- used in a general sense to include cambric, shirting, sheeting, towels, tablecloths, etc.
Quadrilateral	n.	A plane figure having four sides, and consequently four angles; a quadrangular figure; any figure formed by four lines.
Bacchant	n.	A bacchanal; a reveler.
Dumb	a.	Lacking brightness or clearness, as a color.
Komenic	a.	Of or pertaining to, or designating, an acid derived from meconic acid.
Seaware	n.	Seaweed; esp., coarse seaweed. See Ware, and Sea girdles.
Quince	n.	The fruit of a shrub (Cydonia vulgaris) belonging to the same tribe as the apple. It somewhat resembles an apple, but differs in having many seeds in each carpel. It has hard flesh of high flavor, but very acid, and is largely used for marmalade, jelly, and preserves.
Desponsation	n.	A betrothing; betrothal.
Wheel	n.	A turn revolution; rotation; compass.
Zyophyte	n.	Any plant of a proposed class or grand division (Zygophytes, Zygophyta, or Zygosporeae), in which reproduction consists in the union of two similar cells.  Cf. Oophyte.
Honey-tongued	a.	Sweet speaking; persuasive; seductive.
Deliver	v. t.	To give or transfer; to yield possession or control of; to part with (to); to make over; to commit; to surrender; to resign; -- often with up or over, to or into.
Purge	v. t.	To remove in cleansing; to deterge; to wash away; -- often followed by away.
Parietary	n.	Any one of several species of Parietaria. See 1st Pellitory.
Burr	n.	A triangular chisel.
Capacious	a.	Having capacity; able to contain much; large; roomy; spacious; extended; broad; as, a capacious vessel, room, bay, or harbor.
Forrill	n.	Lambskin parchment; vellum; forel.
Grogran	n.	A coarse stuff made of silk and mohair, or of coarse silk.
Baker	v. i.	One whose business it is to bake bread, biscuit, etc.
Dactyliography	n.	The art of writing or engraving upon gems.
Eudialyte	n.	A mineral of a brownish red color and vitreous luster, consisting chiefly of the silicates of iron, zirconia, and lime.
Zampogna	n.	A sort of bagpipe formerly in use among Italian peasants. It is now almost obsolete.
Gelded	imp. & p. p.	of Geld
Votive	a.	Given by vow, or in fulfillment of a vow; consecrated by a vow; devoted; as, votive offerings; a votive tablet.
Wardrobe	v. t.	Wearing apparel, in general; articles of dress or personal decoration.
Amphigonic	a.	Pertaining to amphigony; sexual; as, amphigonic propagation.
Quotidian	a.	Occurring or returning daily; as, a quotidian fever.
Marlin	n.	The American great marbled godwit (Limosa fedoa). Applied also to the red-breasted godwit (Limosa haematica).
Hold	v. t.	To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel; as, this pail holds milk; hence, to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for.
Ushered	imp. & p. p.	of Usher
Tarrier	n.	One who, or that which, tarries.
Vent	v. t.	To scent, as a hound.
Medics	n.	Science of medicine.
Quoin	n.	A wedgelike piece of stone, wood metal, or other material, used for various purposes
Stubby	a.	Abounding with stubs.
Quinquangular	a.	Having five angles or corners.
Archaeopteryx	n.	A fossil bird, of the Jurassic period, remarkable for having a long tapering tail of many vertebrae with feathers along each side, and jaws armed with teeth, with other reptilian characteristics.
Spane	v. t.	To wean.
Unigenous	a.	Being of one kind; being of the same genus.
Rubicund	a.	Inclining to redness; ruddy; red.
Yttric	a.	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, yttrium.
Ulcerate	v. t.	To affect with, or as with, an ulcer or ulcers.
Zeta	n.	A Greek letter  corresponding to our z.
Martyr	v. t.	To put to death for adhering to some belief, esp. Christianity; to sacrifice on account of faith or profession.
Interpretatively	adv.	By interpretation.
Denominate	v. t.	To give a name to; to characterize by an epithet; to entitle; to name; to designate.
Kalsomine	n. & v. t.	Same as Calcimine.
Kedging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Kedge
Institution	n.	Instruction; education.
Informality	n.	The state of being informal; want of regular, prescribed, or customary form; as, the informality of legal proceedings.
Ventose	a.	The sixth month of the calendar adopted by the first French republic. It began February 19, and ended March 20.  See Vend/miaire.
Alloy	v. t.	The quality, or comparative purity, of gold or silver; fineness.
Buy	v. t.	To acquire or procure by something given or done in exchange, literally or figuratively; to get, at a cost or sacrifice; to buy pleasure with pain.
Witch	n.	One who exercises more than common power of attraction; a charming or bewitching person; also, one given to mischief; -- said especially of a woman or child.
Trays	pl.	of Tray
Licentiate	n.	One who acts without restraint, or takes a liberty, as if having a license therefor.
Vomer	n.	A bone, or one of a pair of bones, beneath the ethmoid region of the skull, forming a part a part of the partition between the nostrils in man and other mammals.
Organist	n.	One of the priests who organized or sung in parts.
Hemicollin	n.	See Semiglutin.
Observe	v. i.	To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
Diseasefulness	n.	The quality of being diseaseful; trouble; trial.
Ostreaculture	n.	The artificial cultivation of oysters.
Gurgling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Gurgle
Jack	n.	A bar of iron athwart ships at a topgallant masthead, to support a royal mast, and give spread to the royal shrouds; -- called also jack crosstree.
Jervine	n.	A poisonous alkaloid resembling veratrine, and found with it in white hellebore (Veratrum album); -- called also jervina.
Musrole	n.	Alt. of Musrol
Unexceptionable	a.	Not liable to any exception or objection; unobjectionable; faultless; good; excellent; as, a man of most unexceptionable character.
Knight	n.	In feudal times, a man-at-arms serving on horseback and admitted to a certain military rank with special ceremonies, including an oath to protect the distressed, maintain the right, and live a stainless life.
Xyst	n.	Alt. of Xystus
Fortlet	n.	A little fort.
Exinanite	v. t.	To make empty; to render of no effect; to humble.
Atom	n.	Anything extremely small; a particle; a whit.
Kicky-wisky	n.	That which is restless and uneasy.
Island	n.	See Isle, n., 2.
Enthusiastic	n.	An enthusiast; a zealot.
Furniture	v. t.	Articles used for convenience or decoration in a house or apartment, as tables, chairs, bedsteads, sofas, carpets, curtains, pictures, vases, etc.
Increate	a.	Alt. of Increated
Transit	n.	The act of passing; passage through or over.
Jugulum	n.	The lower throat, or that part of the neck just above the breast.
Hydrothecas	pl.	of Hydrotheca
Utterance	n.	Putting in circulation; as, the utterance of false coin, or of forged notes.
Observer	n.	One who keeps any law, custom, regulation, rite, etc.; one who conforms to anything in practice.
Neocene	a.	More recent than the Eocene, that is, including both the Miocene and Pliocene divisions of the Tertiary.
Drum	v. i.	To beat a drum with sticks; to beat or play a tune on a drum.
Knawel	n.	A low, spreading weed (Scleranthus annuus), common in sandy soil.
Masquerade	v. i.	To frolic or disport in disquise; to make a pretentious show of being what one is not.
Juggling	n.	Jugglery; underhand practice.
Osselet	n.	A little bone.
Jackmen	pl.	of Jackman
Xylophone	n.	An instrument common among the Russians, Poles, and Tartars, consisting of a series of strips of wood or glass graduated in length to the musical scale, resting on belts of straw, and struck with two small hammers. Called in Germany strohfiedel, or straw fiddle.
Xylocarpous	a.	Bearing fruit which becomes hard or woody.
Monotype	a.	Alt. of Monotypic
Belly	n.	The hollow part of a curved or bent timber, the convex part of which is the back.
Lard	n.	To fatten; to enrich.
Hebraistic	a.	Pertaining to, or resembling, the Hebrew language or idiom.
Yaw	n.	A movement of a vessel by which she temporarily alters her course; a deviation from a straight course in steering.
North	v. i.	To turn or move toward the north; to veer from the east or west toward the north.
Unguiculated	a.	Furnished with nails, claws, or hooks; clawed. See the Note under Nail, n., 1.
Turnspit	n.	A small breed of dogs having a long body and short crooked legs. These dogs were formerly much used for turning a spit on which meat was roasting.
Universal	n.	A general abstract conception, so called from being universally applicable to, or predicable of, each individual or species contained under it.
Pedestrious	a.	Going on foot; not winged.
Fingle-fangle	n.	A trifle.
Underlying	a.	Lying under or beneath; hence, fundamental; as, the underlying strata of a locality; underlying principles.
Knap	v. t.	To strike smartly; to rap; to snap.
Mechanically	adv.	In a mechanical manner.
Malefactor	n.	One who does wrong by injuring another, although not a criminal.
Ungual	a.	Having a nail, claw, or hoof attached; -- said of certain bones of the feet.
Joker	n.	See Rest bower, under 2d Bower.
Slum	n.	A foul back street of a city, especially one filled with a poor, dirty, degraded, and often vicious population; any low neighborhood or dark retreat; -- usually in the plural; as, Westminster slums are haunts for theives.
Inanity	n.	An inane, useless thing or pursuit; a vanity; a silly object; -- chiefly in pl.; as, the inanities of the world.
Toltec	n.	One of a race which formerly occupied Mexico.
Growth	n.	That which has grown or is growing; anything produced; product; consequence; effect; result.
Wasp	n.	Any one of numerous species of stinging hymenopterous insects, esp. any of the numerous species of the genus Vespa, which includes the true, or social, wasps, some of which are called yellow jackets.
Albescent	a.	Becoming white or whitish; moderately white.
Thresh	v. t.	To practice thrashing grain or the like; to perform the business of beating grain from straw; as, a man who thrashes well.
Fudge	v. t.	To make up; to devise; to contrive; to fabricate.
Improvision	n.	Improvidence.
Yarwhip	n.	The European bar-tailed godwit; -- called also yardkeep, and yarwhelp.  See Godwit.
Warfare	n.	Contest; struggle.
Leach	v. i.	To part with soluble constituents by percolation.
Umbrae	pl.	of Umbra
March	n.	The distance passed over in marching; as, an hour's march; a march of twenty miles.
Kindness	a.	A kind act; an act of good will; as, to do a great kindness.
Neatress	n.	A woman who takes care of cattle.
Nasute	a.	Critically nice; captious.
Anastrophe	n.	An inversion of the natural order of words; as, echoed the hills, for, the hills echoed.
Yachtman	n.	See Yachtsman.
Whereness	n.	The quality or state of having a place; ubiety; situation; position.
Espousage	n.	Espousal.
Bondmaid	n.	A female slave, or one bound to service without wages, as distinguished from a hired servant.
Zemindary	n.	Alt. of Zemindari
Foundress	n.	A female founder; a woman who founds or establishes, or who endows with a fund.
Viking	n.	One belonging to the pirate crews from among the Northmen, who plundered the coasts of Europe in the eighth, ninth, and tenth centuries.
Yeldrine	n.	The yellow-hammer; -- called also yeldrock, and yoldrin.
Uranate	n.	A salt of uranic acid.
Blockheaded	a.	Stupid; dull.
Haystalk	n.	A stalk of hay.
Chafe	v. t.	To fret and wear by rubbing; as, to chafe a cable.
Warm	superl.	Having yellow or red for a basis, or in their composition; -- said of colors, and opposed to cold which is of blue and its compounds.
Accord	v. t.	Agreement or concurrence of opinion, will, or action; harmony of mind; consent; assent.
Whale	n.	Any aquatic mammal of the order Cetacea, especially any one of the large species, some of which become nearly one hundred feet long. Whales are hunted chiefly for their oil and baleen, or whalebone.
Necrologic	a.	Alt. of Necrological
Fossilize	v. t.	To cause to become antiquated, rigid, or fixed, as by fossilization; to mummify; to deaden.
Vitiousness	n.	See Vicious, Viciously, Viciousness.
Coeducation	n.	An educating together, as of persons of different sexes or races.
Hand	v. i.	To cooperate.
Spindling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Spindle
Earthworm	n.	A mean, sordid person; a niggard.
Three-ply	a.	Consisting of three distinct webs inwrought together in weaving, as cloth or carpeting; having three strands; threefold.
Nomarch	n.	The chief magistrate of a nome or nomarchy.
Grandiloquence	n.	The use of lofty words or phrases; bombast; -- usually in a bad sense.
Buttonwood	n.	The Platanus occidentalis, or American plane tree, a large tree, producing rough balls, from which it is named; -- called also buttonball tree, and, in some parts of the United States, sycamore. The California buttonwood is P. racemosa.
Xylophilous	a.	Of or pertaining to the xylophilans.
Calculating	a.	Given to contrivance or forethought; forecasting; scheming; as, a cool calculating disposition.
Testacy	n.	The state or circumstance of being testate, or of leaving a valid will, or testament, at death.
Uphoard	v. t.	To hoard up.
Viripotent	a.	Developed in manhood; hence, able to beget; marriageable.
Practical	a.	Capable of being turned to use or account; useful, in distinction from ideal or theoretical; as, practical chemistry.
Accrue	n.	To increase; to augment.
Unborn	a.	Not born; no yet brought into life; being still to appear; future.
Krumhorn	a.	A reed stop in the organ; -- sometimes called cremona.
Excuse	v. t.	That which is offered as a reason for being excused; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault or irregular deportment; apology; as, an excuse for neglect of duty; excuses for delay of payment.
Worble	n.	See Wormil.
Qualled	imp. & p. p.	of Quail
Cimex	n.	A genus of hemipterous insects of which the bedbug is the best known example. See Bedbug.
Incident	n.	Something appertaining to, passing with, or depending on, another, called the principal.
Geal	v. i.	To congeal.
Respect	v.	Relation; reference; regard.
Bashaw	n.	A very large siluroid fish (Leptops olivaris) of the Mississippi valley; -- also called goujon, mud cat, and yellow cat.
Langteraloo	n.	An old game at cards. See Loo (a).
Planch	n.	A plank.
Tangibility	n.	The quality or state of being tangible.
Avigato	n.	See Avocado.
Zone	v. t.	To girdle; to encircle.
Number	n.	A numeral; a word or character denoting a number; as, to put a number on a door.
Mercurify	v. t.	To combine or mingle mercury with; to impregnate with mercury; to mercurialize.
Easy	v. t.	Not difficult; requiring little labor or effort; slight; inconsiderable; as, an easy task; an easy victory.
Grecism	n.	An idiom of the Greek language; a Hellenism.
Rove	v. t.	To draw out into flakes; to card, as wool.
Longulite	n.	A kind of crystallite having a (slender) acicular form.
Quitture	n.	A discharge; an issue.
Sou	n.	An old French copper coin, equivalent in value to, and now displaced by, the five-centime piece (/ of a franc), which is popularly called a sou.
Hypochondres	n. pl.	The hypochondriac regions. See Hypochondrium.
Lope	n.	A leap; a long step.
Inscrutableness	n.	The quality or state of being inscrutable; inscrutability.
Endurance	n.	The act of bearing or suffering; a continuing under pain or distress without resistance, or without being overcome; sufferance; patience.
Outline	n.	The line which marks the outer limits of an object or figure; the exterior line or edge; contour.
Xylate	n.	A salt of xylic acid.
Talon	n.	The shoulder of the bolt of a lock on which the key acts to shoot the bolt.
Knowledge	v. i.	That which is or may be known; the object of an act of knowing; a cognition; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Tesselar	a.	Formed of tesserae, as a mosaic.
Youl	v. i.	To yell; to yowl.
Vinagrous	a.	Resembling vinegar; sour.
Jugular	a.	Having the ventral fins beneath the throat; -- said of certain fishes.
Prog	n.	Victuals got by begging, or vagrancy; victuals of any kind; food; supplies.
Vim	n.	Power; force; energy; spirit; activity; vigor.
Zincous	a.	Of, pertaining to, or containing, zinc; zincic; as, zincous salts.
Swaging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Swage
Occult	a.	Hidden from the eye or the understanding; inviable; secret; concealed; unknown.
Xiphoid	a.	Of or pertaining to the xiphoid process; xiphoidian.
Mongol	n.	One of the Mongols.
Yank	n.	An abbreviation of Yankee.
Zoozoo	n.	The wood pigeon.
Annulus	n.	A ring; a ringlike part or space.
Occidental	a.	Of, pertaining to, or situated in, the occident, or west; western; -- opposed to oriental; as, occidental climates, or customs; an occidental planet.
Episternum	n.	One of the lateral pieces next to the sternum in the thorax of insects.
Superintendent	a.	Overseeing; superintending.
Eucharistic	a.	Alt. of Eucharistical
Serf	v. t.	A servant or slave employed in husbandry, and in some countries attached to the soil and transferred with it, as formerly in Russia.
Answer	n.	To be opposite to; to face.
Equity	n.	A system of jurisprudence, supplemental to law, properly so called, and complemental of it.
Hetarism	n.	A supposed primitive state of society, in which all the women of a tribe were held in common.
Jubilate	v. i.	To exult; to rejoice.
Imitative	a.	Designed to imitate another species of animal, or a plant, or inanimate object, for some useful purpose, such as protection from enemies; having resamblance to something else; as, imitative colors; imitative habits; dendritic and mammillary forms of minerals are imitative.
Vulgarity	n.	Grossness or clownishness of manners of language; absence of refinement; coarseness.
Neoteric	a.	Alt. of Neoterical
Ferrarese	a.	Pertaining to Ferrara, in Italy.
Publish	v. t.	To send forth, as a book, newspaper, musical piece, or other printed work, either for sale or for general distribution; to print, and issue from the press.
Jonquil	n.	Alt. of Jonquille
Unplat	v. t.	To take out the folds or twists of, as something previously platted; to unfold; to unwreathe.
Ichorous	a.	Of or like ichor; thin; watery; serous; sanious.
Ventilate	v. t.	To give vent; to utter; to make public.
Thimble	n.	A kind of cap or cover, or sometimes a broad ring, for the end of the finger, used in sewing to protect the finger when pushing the needle through the material. It is usually made of metal, and has upon the outer surface numerous small pits to catch the head of the needle.
Proposal	n.	That which is proposed, or propounded for consideration or acceptance; a scheme or design; terms or conditions proposed; offer; as, to make proposals for a treaty of peace; to offer proposals for erecting a building; to make proposals of marriage.
Respired	imp. & p. p.	of Respire
Melanochroite	n.	A mineral of a red, or brownish or yellowish red color. It is a chromate of lead; -- called also phoenicocroite.
Waging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Wage
Resplit	v. t. & i.	To split again.
Zebra	n.	Either one of two species of South African wild horses remarkable for having the body white or yellowish white, and conspicuously marked with dark brown or brackish bands.
Involucel	n.	A partial, secondary, or small involucre. See Illust. of Involucre.
Veto	n.	An authoritative prohibition or negative; a forbidding; an interdiction.
Knowing	a.	Artful; cunning; as, a knowing rascal.
Yoke	n.	A band shaped to fit the shoulders or the hips, and joined to the upper full edge of the waist or the skirt.
Occupy	v. t.	To take or hold possession of; to hold or keep for use; to possess.
Plagiaries	pl.	of Plagiary
Flagellating	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Flagellate
Xylogen	n.	Nascent wood; wood cells in a forming state.
Belladonna	n.	A species of Amaryllis (A. belladonna); the belladonna lily.
Convulsion	n.	An unnatural, violent, and unvoluntary contraction of the muscular parts of an animal body.
Homicidal	a.	Pertaining to homicide; tending to homicide; murderous.
Yoke	v. t.	To couple; to join with another.
Yearbook	n.	A book containing annual reports of cases adjudged in the courts of England.
Pericardiac	a.	Alt. of Pericardial
Landscapist	n.	A painter of landscapes.
Certainty	n.	The quality, state, or condition, of being certain.
Tonsorial	a.	Of or pertaining to a barber, or shaving.
Knowingness	n.	The state or quality of being knowing or intelligent; shrewdness; skillfulness.
Bowery	a.	Characteristic of the street called the Bowery, in New York city; swaggering; flashy.
Expedite	a.	Expeditious; quick; speedily; prompt.
Jetting	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Jet
Lerot	n.	A small European rodent (Eliomys nitela), allied to the dormouse.
Intercarotid	a.	Situated between the external and internal carotid arteries; as, an intercarotid ganglion.
Indorse	v. t.	To write upon the back or outside of a paper or letter, as a direction, heading, memorandum, or address.
Funiliform	a.	Resembling a cord in toughness and flexibility, as the roots of some endogenous trees.
Yestereve	n.	Alt. of Yester-evening
Crake	v. t. & i.	To boast; to speak loudly and boastfully.
Xanthophyll	n.	A yellow coloring matter found in yellow autumn leaves, and also produced artificially from chlorophyll; -- formerly called also phylloxanthin.
Kaffle	n.	See Coffle.
Raphides	n. pl.	See Rhaphides.
Lessener	n.	One who, or that which, lessens.
Web-fingered	a.	Having the fingers united by a web for a considerable part of their length.
Avoider	n.	The person who carries anything away, or the vessel in which things are carried away.
Round	a.	Not inconsiderable; large; hence, generous; free; as, a round price.
Zantewood	n.	Satinwood (Chloroxylon Swietenia).
Gargarism	n.	A gargle.
Ethiopian	a.	Alt. of Ethiopic
Warrantor	n.	One who warrants.
Preselect	v. t.	To select beforehand.
Slurring	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Slur
Quarrel	n.	Any small square or quadrangular member
Emersion	n.	The act of emerging, or of rising out of anything; as, emersion from the sea; emersion from obscurity or difficulties.
Job	n.	A public transaction done for private profit; something performed ostensibly as a part of official duty, but really for private gain; a corrupt official business.
Encyclopedia	n.	Alt. of Encyclopaedia
Sowter	n.	See Souter.
Quickness	n.	Acuteness of perception; keen sensibility.
Gonorrhoeal	a.	Of or pertaining to gonorrhea; as, gonorrheal rheumatism.
Stitching	n.	The act of one who stitches.
Old	superl.	More than enough; abundant.
Abomasum	n.	Alt. of Abomasus
Theologue	n.	A student in a theological seminary.
Xanthin	n.	A yellow insoluble coloring matter extracted from yellow flowers; specifically, the coloring matter of madder.
Veniality	n.	The quality or state of being venial; venialness.
Quarterstaves	pl.	of Quarterstaff
Frailly	adv.	Weakly; infirmly.
Journalize	v. i.	to conduct or contribute to a public journal; to follow the profession of a journalist.
Preach	v. t.	To inculcate in public discourse; to urge with earnestness by public teaching.
Lunated	a.	Crescent-shaped; as, a lunate leaf; a lunate beak; a lunated cross.
Bedroom	n.	A room or apartment intended or used for a bed; a lodging room.
Quaint	a.	Curious and fanciful; affected; odd; whimsical; antique; archaic; singular; unusual; as, quaint architecture; a quaint expression.
Oso-berry	n.	The small, blueblack, drupelike fruit of the Nuttallia cerasiformis, a shrub of Oregon and California, belonging to the Cherry tribe of Rosaceae.
