Desynonymization	n.	The act of desynonymizing.
Noonday	n.	Midday; twelve o'clock in the day; noon.
Avoider	n.	The person who carries anything away, or the vessel in which things are carried away.
Bander	n.	One banded with others.
Neif	n.	Alt. of Neife
Jonquil	n.	Alt. of Jonquille
Resplit	v. t. & i.	To split again.
Xylindein	n.	A green or blue pigment produced by Peziza in certain kinds of decayed wood, as the beech, oak, birch, etc., and extracted as an amorphous powder resembling indigo.
Kioways	n. pl.	A tribe of Indians distantly related to the Shoshones. They formerly inhabited the region about the head waters of the North Platte.
Embroil	v. t.	To implicate in confusion; to complicate; to jumble.
Gadre	v. t. & i.	To gather.
Miasm	n.	Miasma.
Talon	n.	The shoulder of the bolt of a lock on which the key acts to shoot the bolt.
Growth	n.	That which has grown or is growing; anything produced; product; consequence; effect; result.
Hostilely	adv.	In a hostile manner.
Wayed	a.	Used to the way; broken.
Erecter	n.	An erector; one who raises or builds.
Zampogna	n.	A sort of bagpipe formerly in use among Italian peasants. It is now almost obsolete.
Unpin	v. t.	To loose from pins; to remove the pins from; to unfasten; as, to unpin a frock; to unpin a frame.
Encyclopediacal	a.	Encyclopedic.
Expletive	a.	Filling up; hence, added merely for the purpose of filling up; superfluous.
Kaffle	n.	See Coffle.
Yeldrine	n.	The yellow-hammer; -- called also yeldrock, and yoldrin.
Yewen	a.	Made of yew; as, yewen bows.
Bounty	n.	Liberality in bestowing gifts or favors; gracious or liberal giving; generosity; munificence.
Personate	v. t.	To set forth in an unreal character; to disguise; to mask.
Libertarian	a.	Pertaining to liberty, or to the doctrine of free will, as opposed to the doctrine of necessity.
Kalmuck	n.	See Calmucks.
Yard	v. i.	A long piece of timber, as a rafter, etc.
Furniture	v. t.	Articles used for convenience or decoration in a house or apartment, as tables, chairs, bedsteads, sofas, carpets, curtains, pictures, vases, etc.
Neuralgic	a.	Of or pertaining to, or having the character of, neuralgia; as, a neuralgic headache.
Vitalic	a.	Pertaining to life; vital.
Atom	n.	Anything extremely small; a particle; a whit.
Micrococcus	n.	A genus of Spherobacteria, in the form of very small globular or oval cells, forming, by transverse division, filaments, or chains of cells, or in some cases single organisms shaped like dumb-bells (Diplococcus), all without the power of motion. See Illust. of Ascoccus.
Befog	v. t.	To involve in a fog; -- mostly as a participle or part. adj.
Utilized	imp. & p. p.	of Utilize
Tawery	n.	A place where skins are tawed.
Verisimilitude	n.	The quality or state of being verisimilar; the appearance of truth; probability; likelihood.
Forgetter	n.	One who forgets; a heedless person.
Judge	a.	To assume the right to pass judgment on another; to sit in judgment or commendation; to criticise or pass adverse judgment upon others. See Judge, v. t., 3.
Johannes	n.	A Portuguese gold coin of the value of eight dollars, named from the figure of King John which it bears; -- often contracted into joe; as, a joe, or a half joe.
Jubilate	v. i.	To exult; to rejoice.
Mode	n.	Variety; gradation; degree.
Improvisation	n.	The act or art of composing and rendering music, poetry, and the like, extemporaneously; as, improvisation on the organ.
Vinny	a.	Vinnewed.
Represser	n.	One who, or that which, represses.
Likeliness	n.	Suitableness; agreeableness.
Vomer	n.	A bone, or one of a pair of bones, beneath the ethmoid region of the skull, forming a part a part of the partition between the nostrils in man and other mammals.
Decadent	a.	Decaying; deteriorating.
Universality	n.	The quality or state of being universal; unlimited extension or application; generality; -- distinguished from particularity; as, the unversality of a proposition; the unversality of sin; the unversality of the Deluge.
Parietary	n.	Any one of several species of Parietaria. See 1st Pellitory.
Zymic	a.	Pertaining to, or produced by, fermentation; -- formerly, by confusion, used to designate lactic acid.
Dig	v. t.	To turn up, or delve in, (earth) with a spade or a hoe; to open, loosen, or break up (the soil) with a spade, or other sharp instrument; to pierce, open, or loosen, as if with a spade.
Grovel	adv.	To creep on the earth, or with the face to the ground; to lie prone, or move uneasily with the body prostrate on the earth; to lie fiat on one's belly, expressive of abjectness; to crawl.
Zeta	n.	A Greek letter  corresponding to our z.
Overseason	v. t.	To season too highly.
Misunderstanding	n.	Disagreement; difference of opinion; dissension; quarrel.
Neoteric	a.	Alt. of Neoterical
Unplat	v. t.	To take out the folds or twists of, as something previously platted; to unfold; to unwreathe.
Low	superl.	Beneath the usual or remunerative rate or amount, or the ordinary value; moderate; cheap; as, the low price of corn; low wages.
Barge	n.	A large, roomy boat for the conveyance of passengers or goods; as, a ship's barge; a charcoal barge.
Duplicities	pl.	of Duplicity
Xylophilan	n.	One of a tribe of beetles (Xylophili) whose larvae live on decayed wood.
Constantly	adv.	With constancy; steadily; continually; perseveringly; without cessation; uniformly.
Phytivorous	a.	Feeding on plants or herbage; phytophagous; as, phytivorous animals.
Flittern	a.	A term applied to the bark obtained from young oak trees.
Xylography	n.	The art of making prints from the natural grain of wood.
Waxiness	n.	Quality or state of being waxy.
Dispeed	v. t.	To send off with speed; to dispatch.
Ethiopian	a.	Alt. of Ethiopic
Melancholic	a.	Given to melancholy; depressed; melancholy; dejected; unhappy.
Gashed	imp. & p. p.	of Gash
Gelded	imp. & p. p.	of Geld
Votive	a.	Given by vow, or in fulfillment of a vow; consecrated by a vow; devoted; as, votive offerings; a votive tablet.
Hetarism	n.	A supposed primitive state of society, in which all the women of a tribe were held in common.
Independentism	n.	Independency; the church system of Independents.
Wheelwright	n.	A man whose occupation is to make or repair wheels and wheeled vehicles, as carts, wagons, and the like.
Zetetic	a.	Seeking; proceeding by inquiry.
Veniality	n.	The quality or state of being venial; venialness.
Administer	v. t.	To apply, as medicine or a remedy; to give, as a dose or something beneficial or suitable. Extended to a blow, a reproof, etc.
La	interj.	Look; see; behold; -- sometimes followed by you.
Rubato	a.	Robbed; borrowed.
Neocene	a.	More recent than the Eocene, that is, including both the Miocene and Pliocene divisions of the Tertiary.
Reflecting	a.	Throwing back light, heat, etc., as a mirror or other surface.
Quat	n.	A pustule.
Zif	n.	The second month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, corresponding to our May.
Juvenescent	a.	Growing or becoming young.
Pompatic	a.	Pompous.
Pricker	n.	One who, or that which, pricks; a pointed instrument; a sharp point; a prickle.
Geode	n.	A nodule of stone, containing a cavity, lined with crystals or mineral matter.
Multivagous	a.	Wandering much.
Zebra	n.	Either one of two species of South African wild horses remarkable for having the body white or yellowish white, and conspicuously marked with dark brown or brackish bands.
Train	v.	That part of a gown which trails behind the wearer.
Recollection	n.	The power of recalling ideas to the mind, or the period within which things can be recollected; remembrance; memory; as, an event within my recollection.
Quince	n.	The fruit of a shrub (Cydonia vulgaris) belonging to the same tribe as the apple. It somewhat resembles an apple, but differs in having many seeds in each carpel. It has hard flesh of high flavor, but very acid, and is largely used for marmalade, jelly, and preserves.
Occupy	v. t.	To take or hold possession of; to hold or keep for use; to possess.
Abomasum	n.	Alt. of Abomasus
Oso-berry	n.	The small, blueblack, drupelike fruit of the Nuttallia cerasiformis, a shrub of Oregon and California, belonging to the Cherry tribe of Rosaceae.
Fortlet	n.	A little fort.
Semeiological	a.	Alt. of Semiologioal
Yellow-covered	a.	Covered or bound in yellow paper.
Spinneret	n.	One of the special jointed organs situated on the under side, and near the end, of the abdomen of spiders, by means of which they spin their webs. Most spiders have three pairs of spinnerets, but some have only two pairs. The ordinary silk line of the spider is composed of numerous smaller lines jointed after issuing from the spinnerets.
Divertissement	n.	A short ballet, or other entertainment, between the acts of a play.
Absey-book	n.	An A-B-C book; a primer.
Quotidian	a.	Occurring or returning daily; as, a quotidian fever.
Contusion	n.	A bruise; an injury attended with more or less disorganization of the subcutaneous tissue and effusion of blood beneath the skin, but without apparent wound.
Soul	n.	The spiritual, rational, and immortal part in man; that part of man which enables him to think, and which renders him a subject of moral government; -- sometimes, in distinction from the higher nature, or spirit, of man, the so-called animal soul, that is, the seat of life, the sensitive affections and phantasy, exclusive of the voluntary and rational powers; -- sometimes, in distinction from the mind, the moral and emotional part of man's nature, the seat of feeling, in distinction from intellect; -- sometimes, the intellect only; the understanding; the seat of knowledge, as distinguished from feeling. In a more general sense, "an animating, separable, surviving entity, the vehicle of individual personal existence."
Martyr	v. t.	To put to death for adhering to some belief, esp. Christianity; to sacrifice on account of faith or profession.
Xeres	n.	Sherry.  See Sherry.
Yeldrin	n.	Alt. of Yeldrine
Archaeopteryx	n.	A fossil bird, of the Jurassic period, remarkable for having a long tapering tail of many vertebrae with feathers along each side, and jaws armed with teeth, with other reptilian characteristics.
Physical	a.	Of or pertaining to physic, or the art of medicine; medicinal; curative; healing; also, cathartic; purgative.
Ferial	n.	Same as Feria.
Veto	n.	An authoritative prohibition or negative; a forbidding; an interdiction.
Retrofract	a.	Alt. of Retrofracted
Neese	v. i.	To sneeze.
Foreign	a.	Outside; extraneous; separated; alien; as, a foreign country; a foreign government.
More	adv.	With a verb or participle.
Scrub	a.	Mean; dirty; contemptible; scrubby.
Worble	n.	See Wormil.
Xanthinine	n.	A complex nitrogenous substance related to urea and uric acid, produced as a white powder; -- so called because it forms yellow salts, and because its solution forms a blue fluorescence like quinine.
Quickness	n.	Acuteness of perception; keen sensibility.
Earnestful	a.	Serious.
Conjurer	n.	One who conjures; one who calls, entreats, or charges in a solemn manner.
Way	n.	The means by which anything is reached, or anything is accomplished; scheme; device; plan.
Involucel	n.	A partial, secondary, or small involucre. See Illust. of Involucre.
Quiz	v. t.	To puzzle; to banter; to chaff or mock with pretended seriousness of discourse; to make sport of, as by obscure questions.
Circus	n.	A circular inclosure for the exhibition of feats of horsemanship, acrobatic displays, etc. Also, the company of performers, with their equipage.
Antependium	n.	The hangings or screen in front of the altar; an altar cloth; the frontal.
Bedroom	n.	A room or apartment intended or used for a bed; a lodging room.
Dip	v. i.	To immerse one's self; to become plunged in a liquid; to sink.
Bayberry	n.	A tree of the West Indies related to the myrtle (Pimenta acris).
Empassionate	a.	Strongly affected.
Yeast-bitten	a.	A term used of beer when the froth of the yeast has reentered the body of the beer.
Microhm	n.	The millionth part of an ohm.
Clarified	imp. & p. p.	of Clarify
Infectious	a.	Corrupting, or tending to corrupt or contaminate; vitiating; demoralizing.
Zilla	n.	A low, thorny, suffrutescent, crucifeous plant (Zilla myagroides) found in the deserts of Egypt. Its leaves are boiled in water, and eaten, by the Arabs.
Flagman	n.	One who makes signals with a flag.
Smoldered	imp. & p. p.	of Smoulder
Masquerade	v. i.	To frolic or disport in disquise; to make a pretentious show of being what one is not.
Gather	n.	The inclination forward of the axle journals to keep the wheels from working outward.
Journalize	v. i.	to conduct or contribute to a public journal; to follow the profession of a journalist.
Eft	adv.	Again; afterwards; soon; quickly.
Verrayment	adv.	Verily; truly.
Privation	n.	The condition of being absent; absence; negation.
Regaled	imp. & p. p.	of Regale
Anastrophe	n.	An inversion of the natural order of words; as, echoed the hills, for, the hills echoed.
Jew's-harp	n.	An instrument of music, which, when placed between the teeth, gives, by means of a bent metal tongue struck by the finger, a sound which is modulated by the breath; -- called also Jew's-trump.
Y	pron.	I.
Bondsman	n.	A surety; one who is bound, or who gives security, for another.
Limbat	n.	A cooling periodical wind in the Isle of Cyprus, blowing from the northwest from eight o'clock, A. M., to the middle of the day or later.
Yoke	n.	A band shaped to fit the shoulders or the hips, and joined to the upper full edge of the waist or the skirt.
Lacwork	n.	Ornamentation by means of lacquer painted or carved, or simply colored, sprinkled with gold or the like; -- said especially of Oriental work of this kind.
Kistvaen	n.	A Celtic monument, commonly known as a dolmen.
Winter	n.	The season of the year in which the sun shines most obliquely upon any region; the coldest season of the year.
Scorn	n.	An act or expression of extreme contempt.
Duplicity	n.	Doubleness; a twofold state.
Nomarch	n.	The chief magistrate of a nome or nomarchy.
Zorilla	n.	Either one of two species of small African carnivores of the genus Ictonyx allied to the weasels and skunks.
Ursuline	a.	Of or pertaining to St. Ursula, or the order of Ursulines; as, the Ursuline nuns.
Woodwardia	n.	A genus of ferns, one species of which (Woodwardia radicans) is a showy plant in California, the Azores, etc.
Unborn	a.	Not born; no yet brought into life; being still to appear; future.
Lapful	n.	As much as the lap can contain.
Xylography	n.	A method pf printing in colors upon wood for purposes of house decoration.
Rodomontador	n.	A rodomontadist.
Trumpeter	n.	One who proclaims, publishes, or denounces.
Emulous	a.	Ambitiously desirous to equal or even to excel another; eager to emulate or vie with another; desirous of like excellence with another; -- with of; as, emulous of another's example or virtues.
Fudge	v. t.	To make up; to devise; to contrive; to fabricate.
Arrest	v. t.	The taking or apprehending of a person by authority of law; legal restraint; custody. Also, a decree, mandate, or warrant.
Dittander	n.	A kind of peppergrass (Lepidium latifolium).
Xylidine	n.	Any one of six metameric hydrocarbons, (CH3)2.C6H3.NH2, resembling aniline, and related to xylene. They are liquids, or easily fusible crystalline substances, of which three are derived from metaxylene, two from orthoxylene, and one from paraxylene. They are called the amido xylenes.
Toltec	n.	One of a race which formerly occupied Mexico.
Xiphoid	a.	Of or pertaining to the xiphoid process; xiphoidian.
Zoogeographical	a.	Of or pertaining to zoography.
Mannish	a.	Resembling a human being in form or nature; human.
Victoria	n.	A genus of aquatic plants named in honor of Queen Victoria.  The Victoria regia is a native of Guiana and Brazil. Its large, spreading leaves are often over five feet in diameter, and have a rim from three to five inches high; its immense rose-white flowers sometimes attain a diameter of nearly two feet.
Weedy	superl.	Abounding with weeds; as, weedy grounds; a weedy garden; weedy corn.
Decuple	n.	A number ten times repeated.
Liquidamber	n.	See Liquidambar.
Quindecemvir	n.	One of a sacerdotal college of fifteen men whose chief duty was to take care of the Sibylline books.
Xylocarpous	a.	Bearing fruit which becomes hard or woody.
Woodhack	n.	Alt. of Woodhacker
Attender	n.	One who, or that which, attends.
Haystalk	n.	A stalk of hay.
Yelk	n.	Same as Yolk.
Mongol	n.	One of the Mongols.
Xiphius	n.	A genus of cetaceans having a long, pointed, bony beak, usually two tusklike teeth in the lower jaw, but no teeth in the upper jaw.
Oscillating	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Oscillate
Subjacent	a.	Lying under or below.
Channeled	imp. & p. p.	of Channel
Undersay	v. t.	To say by way of derogation or contradiction.
Desponsation	n.	A betrothing; betrothal.
Knuckle	n.	The joint of a plant.
Joint	a.	Joined; united; combined; concerted; as joint action.
Wainable	a.	Capable of being plowed or cultivated; arable; tillable.
Terebrating	a.	Boring; piercing; -- applied to certain kinds of pain, especially to those of locomotor ataxia.
Latency	n.	The state or quality of being latent.
Solecist	n.	One who commits a solecism.
Army	n.	A collection or body of men armed for war, esp. one organized in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions, under proper officers.
Xylophone	n.	An instrument common among the Russians, Poles, and Tartars, consisting of a series of strips of wood or glass graduated in length to the musical scale, resting on belts of straw, and struck with two small hammers. Called in Germany strohfiedel, or straw fiddle.
High	superl.	Strong-scented; slightly tainted; as, epicures do not cook game before it is high.
Annulus	n.	A ring; a ringlike part or space.
Yellowtail	n.	A California rockfish (Sebastodes flavidus).
Practical	a.	Capable of being turned to use or account; useful, in distinction from ideal or theoretical; as, practical chemistry.
Napierian	a.	Alt. of Naperian
Knawel	n.	A low, spreading weed (Scleranthus annuus), common in sandy soil.
Stamens	pl.	of Stamen
Zooecia	pl.	of Zooecium
Xylate	n.	A salt of xylic acid.
Fume	n.	To be as in a mist; to be dulled and stupefied.
Midmost	a.	Middle; middlemost.
Zedoary	n.	A medicinal substance obtained in the East Indies, having a fragrant smell, and a warm, bitter, aromatic taste. It is used in medicine as a stimulant.
Monotype	a.	Alt. of Monotypic
Job	n.	A public transaction done for private profit; something performed ostensibly as a part of official duty, but really for private gain; a corrupt official business.
Yestereve	n.	Alt. of Yester-evening
Zyme	n.	The morbific principle of a zymotic disease.
Stubby	a.	Abounding with stubs.
Ctenoidei	n. pl.	A group of fishes, established by Agassiz, characterized by having scales with a pectinated margin, as in the perch. The group is now generally regarded as artificial.
Knighthead	n.	A bollard timber. See under Bollard.
Isinglass	n.	A popular name for mica, especially when in thin sheets.
Improvision	n.	Improvidence.
Incident	n.	Something appertaining to, passing with, or depending on, another, called the principal.
Xenia	pl.	of Xenium
Un-	adv.	To adjectives, to denote the absence of the quality designated by the adjective
Jackstay	n.	A rail of wood or iron stretching along a yard of a vessel, to which the sails are fastened.
Web-fingered	a.	Having the fingers united by a web for a considerable part of their length.
Quietly	adv.	Without tumult, alarm, dispute, or disturbance; peaceably; as, to live quietly; to sleep quietly.
Necrologic	a.	Alt. of Necrological
Quantic	n.	A homogeneous algebraic function of two or more variables, in general containing only positive integral powers of the variables, and called quadric, cubic, quartic, etc., according as it is of the second, third, fourth, fifth, or a higher degree. These are further called binary, ternary, quaternary, etc., according as they contain two, three, four, or more variables; thus, the quantic / is a binary cubic.
Snuff	n.	Pulverized tobacco, etc., prepared to be taken into the nose; also, the amount taken at once.
Watching	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Watch
Juristical	a.	Of or pertaining to a jurist, to the legal profession, or to jurisprudence.
Raphides	n. pl.	See Rhaphides.
Folding	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Fold
Quilling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Quill
Key	n.	A keystone.
Queenhood	n.	The state, personality, or character of a queen; queenliness.
Joisting	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Joist
Bowery	a.	Characteristic of the street called the Bowery, in New York city; swaggering; flashy.
Foremostly	adv.	In the foremost place or order; among the foremost.
Hemicollin	n.	See Semiglutin.
Prick	n.	To render acid or pungent.
Xerophilous	a.	Drought-loving; able withstand the absence or lack of moisture.
Valuing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Value
Episternum	n.	One of the lateral pieces next to the sternum in the thorax of insects.
Accrue	n.	To increase; to augment.
Thimble	n.	A kind of cap or cover, or sometimes a broad ring, for the end of the finger, used in sewing to protect the finger when pushing the needle through the material. It is usually made of metal, and has upon the outer surface numerous small pits to catch the head of the needle.
Baboon	n.	One of the Old World Quadrumana, of the genera Cynocephalus and Papio; the dog-faced ape. Baboons have dog-like muzzles and large canine teeth, cheek pouches, a short tail, and naked callosities on the buttocks. They are mostly African. See Mandrill, and Chacma, and Drill an ape.
Hoary	a.	remote in time past; as, hoary antiquity.
Meal-mouthed	a.	See Mealy-mouthed.
Quote	v. t.	To notice; to observe; to examine.
Latewake	n.	See Lich wake, under Lich.
Wive	v. i.	To marry, as a man; to take a wife.
Actuarial	a.	Of or pertaining to actuaries; as, the actuarial value of an annuity.
Slurring	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Slur
Ovate	a.	Having the shape of an egg, or of the longitudinal sectior of an egg, with the broader end basal.
Jack-o'-lantern	n.	See Jack-with-a-lantern, under 2d Jack.
Harnessed	imp. & p. p.	of Harness
Know	v. i.	To have knowledge; to have a clear and certain perception; to possess wisdom, instruction, or information; -- often with of.
Cosmopolitan	n.	Alt. of Cosmopolite
Leach	v. i.	To part with soluble constituents by percolation.
Extractive	a.	Capable of being extracted.
Quaint	a.	Curious and fanciful; affected; odd; whimsical; antique; archaic; singular; unusual; as, quaint architecture; a quaint expression.
Clouting	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Clout
Denominate	v. t.	To give a name to; to characterize by an epithet; to entitle; to name; to designate.
Glaive	n.	A sword; -- used poetically and loosely.
Grandiloquence	n.	The use of lofty words or phrases; bombast; -- usually in a bad sense.
Ramshackle	v. t.	To search or ransack; to rummage.
Keckle	v. t.	To wind old rope around, as a cable, to preserve its surface from being fretted, or to wind iron chains around, to defend from the friction of a rocky bottom, or from the ice.
Nasute	a.	Critically nice; captious.
Xiphiplastra	pl.	of Xiphiplastron
Hopple	v. t.	Fig.: To entangle; to hamper.
Hellbender	n.	A large North American aquatic salamander (Protonopsis horrida or Menopoma Alleghaniensis). It is very voracious and very tenacious of life. Also called alligator, and water dog.
Reimbursed	imp. & p. p.	of Reimburse
Vim	n.	Power; force; energy; spirit; activity; vigor.
Drain	v. t.	To filter.
Inelegancy	n.	The quality of being inelegant; want of elegance or grace; want of refinement, beauty, or polish in language, composition, or manners.
Awl	n.	A pointed instrument for piercing small holes, as in leather or wood; used by shoemakers, saddlers, cabinetmakers, etc. The blade is differently shaped and pointed for different uses, as in the brad awl, saddler's awl, shoemaker's awl, etc.
Rubbly	a.	Relating to, or containing, rubble.
Xyloquinone	n.	Any one of a group of quinone compounds obtained respectively by the oxidation of certain xylidine compounds. In general they are yellow crystalline substances.
Xyloplastic	a.	Formed of wood pulp by molds; relating to casts made of wood pulp in molds.
Seaware	n.	Seaweed; esp., coarse seaweed. See Ware, and Sea girdles.
Pondering	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Ponder
Qualled	imp. & p. p.	of Quail
Chylifactive	a.	Producing, or converting into, chyle; having the power to form chyle.
Foundress	n.	A female founder; a woman who founds or establishes, or who endows with a fund.
Zooid	n.	An animal in one of its inferior stages of development, as one of the intermediate forms in alternate generation.
Xyst	n.	Alt. of Xystus
Xiphias	n.	The constellation Dorado.
Yardstick	n.	A stick three feet, or a yard, in length, used as a measure of cloth, etc.
Hyperoxide	n.	A compound having a relatively large percentage of oxygen; a peroxide.
Rubicund	a.	Inclining to redness; ruddy; red.
Wheel	n.	A turn revolution; rotation; compass.
Pericardiac	a.	Alt. of Pericardial
Handicapper	n.	One who determines the conditions of a handicap.
Grating	n.	The strong wooden lattice used to cover a hatch, admitting light and air; also, a movable Lattice used for the flooring of boats.
Enthusiastic	n.	An enthusiast; a zealot.
Chromism	n.	Same as Chromatism.
Annihilate	v. t.	To destroy the form or peculiar distinctive properties of, so that the specific thing no longer exists; as, to annihilate a forest by cutting down the trees.
Trick	a.	An artifice or stratagem; a cunning contrivance; a sly procedure, usually with a dishonest intent; as, a trick in trade.
Dominion	n.	Sovereign or supreme authority; the power of governing and controlling; independent right of possession, use, and control; sovereignty; supremacy.
Winding	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Wind
Sou	n.	An old French copper coin, equivalent in value to, and now displaced by, the five-centime piece (/ of a franc), which is popularly called a sou.
Outline	n.	The line which marks the outer limits of an object or figure; the exterior line or edge; contour.
Institution	n.	Instruction; education.
Variform	a.	Having different shapes or forms.
Delightful	a.	Highly pleasing; affording great pleasure and satisfaction.
Nethermost	a.	Lowest; as, the nethermost abyss.
Ventose	a.	The sixth month of the calendar adopted by the first French republic. It began February 19, and ended March 20.  See Vend/miaire.
Xanthous	a.	Yellow; specifically (Ethnol.), of or pertaining to those races of man which have yellowish, red, auburn, or brown hair.
Fossilize	v. t.	To cause to become antiquated, rigid, or fixed, as by fossilization; to mummify; to deaden.
Yachtman	n.	See Yachtsman.
Whale	n.	Any aquatic mammal of the order Cetacea, especially any one of the large species, some of which become nearly one hundred feet long. Whales are hunted chiefly for their oil and baleen, or whalebone.
Yearbook	n.	A book containing annual reports of cases adjudged in the courts of England.
Joysome	a.	Causing joyfulness.
Garbel	v. t.	Anything sifted, or from which the coarse parts have been taken.
Quarterstaves	pl.	of Quarterstaff
Compone	a.	Divided into squares of alternate tinctures in a single row; -- said of any bearing; or, in the case of a bearing having curved lines, divided into patches of alternate colors following the curve. If there are two rows it is called counter-compony.
Timeful	a.	Seasonable; timely; sufficiently early.
Kiln	n.	A furnace for burning bricks; a brickkiln.
Jumper	n.	The larva of the cheese fly. See Cheese fly, under Cheese.
-sporangia	pl.	of Zoosporangium
Lactean	a.	Milky; consisting of, or resembling, milk.
Wish	v. t.	To frame or express desires concerning; to invoke in favor of, or against, any one; to attribute, or cal down, in desire; to invoke; to imprecate.
Fehling	n.	See Fehling's solution, under Solution.
Xiphisternum	n.	The xiphiplastron.
Green-eyed	a.	Having green eyes.
Assigned	imp. & p. p.	of Assign
Indorse	v. t.	To write upon the back or outside of a paper or letter, as a direction, heading, memorandum, or address.
Morphological	a.	Of, pertaining to, or according to, the principles of morphology.
Smoky	superl.	Having the appearance or nature of smoke; as, a smoky fog.
Waging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Wage
Malefactor	n.	One who does wrong by injuring another, although not a criminal.
Billfish	n.	The saury, a slender fish of the Atlantic coast (Scomberesox saurus).
Decretal	a.	The collection of ecclesiastical decrees and decisions made, by order of Gregory IX., in 1234, by St. Raymond of Pennafort.
Quirk	n.	A fit or turn; a short paroxysm; a caprice.
Xylophilous	a.	Of or pertaining to the xylophilans.
Violence	v. t.	To assault; to injure; also, to bring by violence; to compel.
Halfway	a.	Equally distant from the extremes; situated at an intermediate point; midway.
Quake	v. i.	To be agitated with quick, short motions continually repeated; to shake with fear, cold, etc.; to shudder; to tremble.
Bifidate	a.	See Bifid.
Haematoblast	n.	One of the very minute, disk-shaped bodies found in blood with the ordinary red corpuscles and white corpuscles; a third kind of blood corpuscle, supposed by some to be an early stage in the development of the red corpuscles; -- called also blood plaque, and blood plate.
Jarring	n.	Discord; a clashing of interests.
Eudialyte	n.	A mineral of a brownish red color and vitreous luster, consisting chiefly of the silicates of iron, zirconia, and lime.
Paymaster	n.	One who pays; one who compensates, rewards, or requites; specifically, an officer or agent of a government, a corporation, or an employer, whose duty it is to pay salaries, wages, etc., and keep account of the same.
Lessener	n.	One who, or that which, lessens.
Informality	n.	The state of being informal; want of regular, prescribed, or customary form; as, the informality of legal proceedings.
Intermixture	n.	A mass formed by mixture; a mass of ingredients mixed.
Warine	n.	A South American monkey, one of the sapajous.
Warrantor	n.	One who warrants.
Fingle-fangle	n.	A trifle.
Xystarch	n.	An office/ having the superintendence of the xyst.
Kirschwasser	n.	An alcoholic liquor, obtained by distilling the fermented juice of the small black cherry.
Zincous	a.	Of, pertaining to, or containing, zinc; zincic; as, zincous salts.
Jugular	a.	Having the ventral fins beneath the throat; -- said of certain fishes.
Turnspit	n.	A small breed of dogs having a long body and short crooked legs. These dogs were formerly much used for turning a spit on which meat was roasting.
Chape	n.	The metal plate or tip which protects the end of a scabbard, belt, etc.
Horsefish	n.	The sauger.
Fancy	a.	Extravagant; above real value.
Rushbuckler	n.	A bullying and violent person; a braggart; a swashbuckler.
Qualifiedness	n.	The state of being qualified.
Roin	n.	A scab; a scurf, or scurfy spot.
Increate	a.	Alt. of Increated
Oozoa	n. pl.	Same as Acrita.
Charact	n.	A distinctive mark; a character; a letter or sign. [Obs.] See Character.
Nonacceptance	n.	A neglect or refusal to accept.
Causeless	a.	Without just or sufficient reason; groundless.
Wend	v. t.	To direct; to betake; -- used chiefly in the phrase to wend one's way. Also used reflexively.
Kedging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Kedge
Unparliamentary	a.	Not parliamentary; contrary to the practice of parliamentary bodies.
Mulct	n.	A fine or penalty, esp. a pecuniary punishment or penalty.
Juggling	n.	Jugglery; underhand practice.
Remediable	a.	Capable of being remedied or cured.
Posthume	a.	Alt. of Posthumed
Jam	n.	A preserve of fruit boiled with sugar and water; as, raspberry jam; currant jam; grape jam.
Bivouac	n.	An encampment for the night without tents or covering.
Superfluity	n.	The state or quality of being superfluous; excess.
Nucleal	a.	Alt. of Nuclear
Incuriously	adv.	In an curious manner.
Tackey	a. & n.	See Tacky.
Joculary	a.	Jocular; jocose; sportive.
Trou-de-loup	n.	A pit in the form of an inverted cone or pyramid, constructed as an obstacle to the approach of an enemy, and having a pointed stake in the middle. The pits are called also trapholes.
Omniform	a.	Having every form or shape.
Quarrel	n.	Any small square or quadrangular member
Jugulum	n.	The lower throat, or that part of the neck just above the breast.
Occult	a.	Hidden from the eye or the understanding; inviable; secret; concealed; unknown.
Plagiaries	pl.	of Plagiary
Yet	n.	Any one of several species of large marine gastropods belonging to the genus Yetus, or Cymba; a boat shell.
Ventilate	v. t.	To give vent; to utter; to make public.
Hamstringing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Hamstring
Necessity	n.	The quality or state of being necessary, unavoidable, or absolutely requisite; inevitableness; indispensableness.
Xylamide	n.	An acid amide derivative of xylic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Ovarium	n.	An ovary. See Ovary.
Respired	imp. & p. p.	of Respire
Xanthorhamnin	n.	A glucoside extracted from Persian berries as a yellow crystalline powder, used as a dyestuff.
March	n.	The distance passed over in marching; as, an hour's march; a march of twenty miles.
Knight	n.	In feudal times, a man-at-arms serving on horseback and admitted to a certain military rank with special ceremonies, including an oath to protect the distressed, maintain the right, and live a stainless life.
Xiphidium	n.	A genus of plants of the order Haemodraceae, having two-ranked, sword-shaped leaves.
Interpolate	v. t.	To alter or corrupt by the insertion of new or foreign matter; especially, to change, as a book or text, by the insertion of matter that is new, or foreign to the purpose of the author.
Sowter	n.	See Souter.
Grucche	v. i.	To murmur; to grumble.
Monureid	n.	Any one of a series of complex nitrogenous substances regarded as derived from one molecule of urea; as, alloxan is a monureid.
Uphoard	v. t.	To hoard up.
Viking	n.	One belonging to the pirate crews from among the Northmen, who plundered the coasts of Europe in the eighth, ninth, and tenth centuries.
Munify	v. t. & i.	To prepare for defense; to fortify.
Club	v. t.	To raise, or defray, by a proportional assesment; as, to club the expense.
Warfare	n.	Contest; struggle.
Yank	n.	An abbreviation of Yankee.
Zincked	imp. & p. p.	of Zinc
Voodooism	n.	A degraded form of superstition and sorcery, said to include human sacrifices and cannibalism in some of its rites. It is prevalent among the negroes of Hayti, and to some extent in the United States, and is regarded as a relic of African barbarism.
Krumhorn	a.	A reed stop in the organ; -- sometimes called cremona.
Nigrescent	a.	Growing black; changing to a black color; approaching to blackness.
Exhortatory	a.	Of or pertaining to exhortation; hortatory.
Belladonna	n.	A species of Amaryllis (A. belladonna); the belladonna lily.
Nitride	n.	A binary compound of nitrogen with a more metallic element or radical; as, boric nitride.
Adulterine	n.	An illegitimate child.
Jackmen	pl.	of Jackman
Witch	n.	One who exercises more than common power of attraction; a charming or bewitching person; also, one given to mischief; -- said especially of a woman or child.
Quiet	v. i.	To become still, silent, or calm; -- often with down; as, be soon quieted down.
Tuck	n.	A pull; a lugging.
Kantian	a.	Of or pertaining to Immanuel Kant, the German philosopher; conformed or relating to any or all of the philosophical doctrines of Immanuel Kant.
Rescinding	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Rescind
Homocercal	a.	Having the tail nearly or quite symmetrical, the vertebral column terminating near its base; -- opposed to heterocercal.
Steganographist	n.	One skilled in steganography; a cryptographer.
Literatim	adv.	Letter for letter.
Grave	superl.	Of importance; momentous; weighty; influential; sedate; serious; -- said of character, relations, etc.; as, grave deportment, character, influence, etc.
Jugula	pl.	of Jugulum
Anisopetalous	a.	Having unequal petals.
Occasionalism	n.	The system of occasional causes; -- a name given to certain theories of the Cartesian school of philosophers, as to the intervention of the First Cause, by which they account for the apparent reciprocal action of the soul and the body.
Musrole	n.	Alt. of Musrol
Wodegeld	n.	A geld, or payment, for wood.
Yug	n.	Alt. of Yuga
Lope	n.	A leap; a long step.
Herrnhuter	n.	One of the Moravians; -- so called from the settlement of Herrnhut (the Lord's watch) made, about 1722, by the Moravians at the invitation of Nicholas Lewis, count of Zinzendorf, upon his estate in the circle of Bautzen.
Ostreaculture	n.	The artificial cultivation of oysters.
Quiescent	a.	Being in a state of repose; at rest; still; not moving; as, a quiescent body or fluid.
Uneasiness	n.	The quality or state of being uneasy; restlessness; disquietude; anxiety.
Causation	n.	The act of causing; also the act or agency by which an effect is produced.
Borrel	n.	Coarse woolen cloth; hence, coarse clothing; a garment.
Jack	n.	A bar of iron athwart ships at a topgallant masthead, to support a royal mast, and give spread to the royal shrouds; -- called also jack crosstree.
Hydroid	a.	Related to, or resembling, the hydra; of or pertaining to the Hydroidea.
Gothicism	n.	Conformity to the Gothic style of architecture.
Hurt	v. t.	To wound the feelings of; to cause mental pain to; to offend in honor or self-respect; to annoy; to grieve.
Xanthophyll	n.	A yellow coloring matter found in yellow autumn leaves, and also produced artificially from chlorophyll; -- formerly called also phylloxanthin.
Heavening	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Heaven
Funiliform	a.	Resembling a cord in toughness and flexibility, as the roots of some endogenous trees.
Avigato	n.	See Avocado.
Junket	v. i.	To feast; to banquet; to make an entertainment; -- sometimes applied opprobriously to feasting by public officers at the public cost.
Answer	n.	To be opposite to; to face.
Precipitate	v. i.	To dash or fall headlong.
Ulcerate	v. t.	To affect with, or as with, an ulcer or ulcers.
Combatable	a.	Such as can be, or is liable to be, combated; as, combatable foes, evils, or arguments.
Enharmonically	adv.	In the enharmonic style or system; in just intonation.
Kaliform	a.	Formed like kali, or glasswort.
Fastidious	a.	Difficult to please; delicate to a fault; suited with difficulty; squeamish; as, a fastidious mind or ear; a fastidious appetite.
Pursefuls	pl.	of Purseful
Utterance	n.	Putting in circulation; as, the utterance of false coin, or of forged notes.
Disjection	n.	Destruction; dispersion.
Lerot	n.	A small European rodent (Eliomys nitela), allied to the dormouse.
Remnant	a.	Remaining; yet left.
Evaluation	n.	Valuation; appraisement.
Gunshot	a.	Made by the shot of a gun: as. a gunshot wound.
Yezidi	n.	Same as Izedi.
Kalsomine	n. & v. t.	Same as Calcimine.
Dodger	n.	See Corndodger.
Heathen	n.	An individual of the pagan or unbelieving nations, or those which worship idols and do not acknowledge the true God; a pagan; an idolater.
Manlessly	adv.	Inhumanly.
Unexceptionable	a.	Not liable to any exception or objection; unobjectionable; faultless; good; excellent; as, a man of most unexceptionable character.
Lawmonger	n.	A trader in law; one who practices law as if it were a trade.
Kyanize	v. t.	To render (wood) proof against decay by saturating with a solution of corrosive sublimate in open tanks, or under pressure.
Tap	n.	A tool for forming an internal screw, as in a nut, consisting of a hardened steel male screw grooved longitudinally so as to have cutting edges.
Recital	n.	The formal statement, or setting forth, of some matter of fact in any deed or writing in order to explain the reasons on which the transaction is founded; the statement of matter in pleading introductory to some positive allegation.
Breed	v. i.	To bear and nourish young; to reproduce or multiply itself; to be pregnant.
Tonsorial	a.	Of or pertaining to a barber, or shaving.
Gaze	v. i.	To fixx the eyes in a steady and earnest look; to look with eagerness or curiosity, as in admiration, astonishment, or with studious attention.
Dactyliography	n.	The art of writing or engraving upon gems.
Jess	n.	A short strap of leather or silk secured round the leg of a hawk, to which the leash or line, wrapped round the falconer's hand, was attached when used. See Illust. of Falcon.
Grecism	n.	An idiom of the Greek language; a Hellenism.
Glowed	imp. & p. p.	of Glow
Theologue	n.	A student in a theological seminary.
Chevage	n.	See Chiefage.
Vaginismus	n.	A painful spasmodic contraction of the vagina, often rendering copulation impossible.
Knowledge	v. i.	That which is or may be known; the object of an act of knowing; a cognition; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Osteoplastic	a.	Producing bone; as, osteoplastic cells.
Round	a.	Not inconsiderable; large; hence, generous; free; as, a round price.
Lockout	n.	The closing of a factory or workshop by an employer, usually in order to bring the workmen to satisfactory terms by a suspension of wages.
Jimmies	pl.	of Jimmy
Pippin	n.	An apple from a tree raised from the seed and not grafted; a seedling apple.
Cheating	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Cheat
Flue	n.	A pipe or passage for conveying flame and hot gases through surrounding water in a boiler; -- distinguished from a tube which holds water and is surrounded by fire. Small flues are called fire tubes or simply tubes.
Tubulation	n.	The act of shaping or making a tube, or of providing with a tube; also, a tube or tubulure; as, the tubulation of a retort.
Emergencies	pl.	of Emergency
Knap	v. t.	To strike smartly; to rap; to snap.
Desire	v. t.	Excessive or morbid longing; lust; appetite.
Zu/is	n. pl.	A tribe of Pueblo Indians occupying a village in New Mexico, on the Zu/i River.
Purge	v. t.	To remove in cleansing; to deterge; to wash away; -- often followed by away.
Frost-blite	n.	A plant of the genus Atriplex; orache.
Unapt	a.	Not accustomed and not likely; not disposed.
Quadrijugous	a.	Pinnate, with four pairs of leaflets; as, a quadrijugous leaf.
Handsome	superl.	Ample; moderately large.
Forfeit	v. i.	To fail to keep an obligation.
Zend	n.	Properly, the translation and exposition in the Huzv/resh, or literary Pehlevi, language, of the Avesta, the Zoroastrian sacred writings; as commonly used, the language (an ancient Persian dialect) in which the Avesta is written.
Interpretatively	adv.	By interpretation.
Ashtaroth	pl.	of Ashtoreth
Rectangle	n.	A four-sided figure having only right angles; a right-angled parallelogram.
Garroting	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Garrote
Afforciament	n.	See Afforcement.
Lodesman	n.	A pilot.
Three-ply	a.	Consisting of three distinct webs inwrought together in weaving, as cloth or carpeting; having three strands; threefold.
Zoological	a.	Of or pertaining to zoology, or the science of animals.
Hand	v. i.	To cooperate.
Dodded	a.	Without horns; as, dodded cattle; without beards; as, dodded corn.
Ferrarese	a.	Pertaining to Ferrara, in Italy.
Donatory	n.	A donee of the crown; one the whom, upon certain condition, escheated property is made over.
Incitation	n.	The act of inciting or moving to action.
Interpolate	v. t.	To renew; to carry on with intermission.
Occidental	a.	Of, pertaining to, or situated in, the occident, or west; western; -- opposed to oriental; as, occidental climates, or customs; an occidental planet.
Ethnic	a.	Alt. of Ethnical
Zouave	n.	One of an active and hardy body of soldiers in the French service, originally Arabs, but now composed of Frenchmen who wear the Arab dress.
Julep	n.	A beverage composed of brandy, whisky, or some other spirituous liquor, with sugar, pounded ice, and sprigs of mint; -- called also mint julep.
Zemindary	n.	Alt. of Zemindari
Havelock	n.	A light cloth covering for the head and neck, used by soldiers as a protection from sunstroke.
Knolled	imp. & p. p.	of Knoll
Imaginable	a.	Capable of being imagined; conceivable.
Delineation	n.	A delineated picture; representation; sketch; description in words.
Fraudful	a.	Full of fraud, deceit, or treachery; trickish; treacherous; fraudulent; -- applied to persons or things.
Stretch	v. t.	To draw out to the full length; to cause to extend in a straight line; as, to stretch a cord or rope.
Quilt	v. t.	To wad, as a garment, with warm soft material.
Judas-colored	a.	Red; -- from a tradition that Judas Iscariot had red hair and beard.
Mercurify	v. t.	To combine or mingle mercury with; to impregnate with mercury; to mercurialize.
Bisetose	a.	Alt. of Bisetous
Nestling	n.	A young bird which has not abandoned the nest.
Wolvish	a.	Wolfish.
Shin	v. i.	To climb a mast, tree, rope, or the like, by embracing it alternately with the arms and legs, without help of steps, spurs, or the like; -- used with up; as, to shin up a mast.
Alterative	n.	A medicine or treatment which gradually induces a change, and restores healthy functions without sensible evacuations.
Universal	n.	A general abstract conception, so called from being universally applicable to, or predicable of, each individual or species contained under it.
Dispiritment	n.	Depression of spirits; discouragement.
Querry	n.	A groom; an equerry.
Inuloid	n.	A substance resembling inulin, found in the unripe bulbs of the dahila.
Drama	n.	A composition, in prose or poetry, accommodated to action, and intended to exhibit a picture of human life, or to depict a series of grave or humorous actions of more than ordinary interest, tending toward some striking result. It is commonly designed to be spoken and represented by actors on the stage.
Intercarotid	a.	Situated between the external and internal carotid arteries; as, an intercarotid ganglion.
Rug	a.	A piece of thick, nappy fabric, commonly made of wool, -- used for various purposes, as for covering and ornamenting part of a bare floor, for hanging in a doorway as a potiere, for protecting a portion of carpet, for a wrap to protect the legs from cold, etc.
Prongbuck	n.	The springbuck.
Allottee	n.	One to whom anything is allotted; one to whom an allotment is made.
VenAe portae	pl.	of Vena
Fondled	imp. & p. p.	of Fondle
Belly	n.	The hollow part of a curved or bent timber, the convex part of which is the back.
Whimsical	a.	Full of, or characterized by, whims; actuated by a whim; having peculiar notions; queer; strange; freakish.
Trunkback	n.	The leatherback.
Yarwhip	n.	The European bar-tailed godwit; -- called also yardkeep, and yarwhelp.  See Godwit.
Funicular	a.	Consisting of a small cord or fiber.
Yoke	n.	Two animals yoked together; a couple; a pair that work together.
Xanthin	n.	A yellow insoluble coloring matter extracted from yellow flowers; specifically, the coloring matter of madder.
Widely	adv.	In a wide manner; to a wide degree or extent; far; extensively; as, the gospel was widely disseminated by the apostles.
Liabilities	pl.	of Liability
Slum	n.	A foul back street of a city, especially one filled with a poor, dirty, degraded, and often vicious population; any low neighborhood or dark retreat; -- usually in the plural; as, Westminster slums are haunts for theives.
Lawyerly	a.	Like, or becoming, a lawyer; as, lawyerlike sagacity.
North	v. i.	To turn or move toward the north; to veer from the east or west toward the north.
Chock	n.	A wedge, or block made to fit in any space which it is desired to fill, esp. something to steady a cask or other body, or prevent it from moving, by fitting into the space around or beneath it.
Commended	imp. & p. p.	of Commend
Fizzing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Fizz
Lard	n.	To fatten; to enrich.
Kohnur	n.	A famous diamond, surrendered to the British crown on the annexation of the Punjab. According to Hindoo legends, it was found in a Golconda mine, and has been the property of various Hindoo and Persian rulers.
Encyclopedia	n.	Alt. of Encyclopaedia
Umbrae	pl.	of Umbra
Spawled	imp. & p. p.	of Spawl
Ridiculous	a.	Involving or expressing ridicule.
Kabassou	n.	See Cabassou.
Outbreaking	n.	The act of breaking out.
Emersion	n.	The act of emerging, or of rising out of anything; as, emersion from the sea; emersion from obscurity or difficulties.
Zuche	n.	A stump of a tree.
Neatress	n.	A woman who takes care of cattle.
Xiphosura	n. pl.	See Xiphura.
Ynambu	n.	A South American tinamou (Rhynchotus rufescens); -- called also perdiz grande, and rufous tinamou.  See Illust. of Tinamou.
Idler	n.	One who has constant day duties on board ship, and keeps no regular watch.
Dolor	n.	Pain; grief; distress; anguish.
Testacy	n.	The state or circumstance of being testate, or of leaving a valid will, or testament, at death.
Prief	n.	Proof.
Entertainer	n.	One who entertains.
Earthstar	n.	A curious fungus of the genus Geaster, in which the outer coating splits into the shape of a star, and the inner one forms a ball containing the dustlike spores.
Jimcrack	n.	See Gimcrack.
Abbreviation	n.	The act of shortening, or reducing.
Quave	v. i.	To quaver.
Vitiousness	n.	See Vicious, Viciously, Viciousness.
Justify	v. i.	To take oath to the ownership of property sufficient to qualify one's self as bail or surety.
Vinagrous	a.	Resembling vinegar; sour.
Hebraistic	a.	Pertaining to, or resembling, the Hebrew language or idiom.
Certainty	n.	The quality, state, or condition, of being certain.
Bondmaid	n.	A female slave, or one bound to service without wages, as distinguished from a hired servant.
Unlearn	v. t.	To fail to learn.
Yoke	n.	The quantity of land plowed in a day by a yoke of oxen.
Desulphurize	v. t.	To desulphurate; to deprive of sulphur.
Inanity	n.	An inane, useless thing or pursuit; a vanity; a silly object; -- chiefly in pl.; as, the inanities of the world.
Fidelity	n.	Adherence to truth; veracity; honesty.
Ethnicism	n.	Heathenism; paganism; idolatry.
Farad	n.	The standard unit of electrical capacity; the capacity of a condenser whose charge, having an electro-motive force of one volt, is equal to the amount of electricity which, with the same electromotive force, passes through one ohm in one second; the capacity, which, charged with one coulomb, gives an electro-motive force of one volt.
Latrine	n.	A privy, or water-closet, esp. in a camp, hospital, etc.
Quadrivalve	a.	Dehiscent into four similar parts; four-valved; as, a quadrivalve pericarp.
Publish	v. t.	To send forth, as a book, newspaper, musical piece, or other printed work, either for sale or for general distribution; to print, and issue from the press.
Longtail	n.	An animal, particularly a log, having an uncut tail.  Cf. Curtail. Dog.
Reduce	n.	To bring to a certain state or condition by grinding, pounding, kneading, rubbing, etc.; as, to reduce a substance to powder, or to a pasty mass; to reduce fruit, wood, or paper rags, to pulp.
Utterance	n.	Vocal expression; articulation; speech.
Youngly	a.	Like a young person or thing; young; youthful.
Motherhood	n.	The state of being a mother; the character or office of a mother.
Yex	v. i.	A hiccough.
Bore	v. i.	To shoot out the nose or toss it in the air; -- said of a horse.
Striding	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Stride
Worship	a.	The act of paying divine honors to the Supreme Being; religious reverence and homage; adoration, or acts of reverence, paid to God, or a being viewed as God.
Diseasefulness	n.	The quality of being diseaseful; trouble; trial.
Nasty	superl.	Characterized by obcenity; indecent; indelicate; gross; filthy.
Vulgarity	n.	Grossness or clownishness of manners of language; absence of refinement; coarseness.
Remember	v. i.	To execise or have the power of memory; as, some remember better than others.
Ado	n.	Doing; trouble; difficulty; troublesome business; fuss; bustle; as, to make a great ado about trifles.
Flexuose	a.	Flexuous.
Buy	v. t.	To acquire or procure by something given or done in exchange, literally or figuratively; to get, at a cost or sacrifice; to buy pleasure with pain.
Wango	n.	A boomerang.
Beaker	n.	A large drinking cup, with a wide mouth, supported on a foot or standard.
Otacousticon	n.	An instrument to facilitate hearing, as an ear trumpet.
Domina	n.	Lady; a lady; -- a title formerly given to noble ladies who held a barony in their own right.
Hypochondres	n. pl.	The hypochondriac regions. See Hypochondrium.
Zygomatic	a.	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the zygoma.
Armature	n.	Iron bars or framing employed for the consolidation of a building, as in sustaining slender columns, holding up canopies, etc.
Renitence	n.	Alt. of Renitency
Suspense	a.	The state of being suspended; specifically, a state of uncertainty and expectation, with anxiety or apprehension; indetermination; indecision; as, the suspense of a person waiting for the verdict of a jury.
Mosaic	a.	Of or pertaining to the style of work called mosaic; formed by uniting pieces of different colors; variegated; tessellated; also, composed of various materials or ingredients.
Xanthochroic	a.	Having a yellowish or fair complexion; of or pertaining to the Xanthochroi.
Capacious	a.	Having capacity; able to contain much; large; roomy; spacious; extended; broad; as, a capacious vessel, room, bay, or harbor.
Deliver	v. t.	To give or transfer; to yield possession or control of; to part with (to); to make over; to commit; to surrender; to resign; -- often with up or over, to or into.
Bob	n.	To cause to move in a short, jerking manner; to move (a thing) with a bob.
Parturiency	n.	Parturition.
General	a.	As a whole; in gross; for the most part.
Swough	n.	A sound; a groan; a moan; a sough.
Rheomotor	n.	Any apparatus by which an electrical current is originated.
Zoozoo	n.	The wood pigeon.
Knowing	a.	Artful; cunning; as, a knowing rascal.
Isogonic	a.	Characterized by isogonism.
Misinformation	n.	Untrue or incorrect information.
Hermetical	a.	Of or pertaining to the system which explains the causes of diseases and the operations of medicine on the principles of the hermetic philosophy, and which made much use, as a remedy, of an alkali and an acid; as, hermetic medicine.
Zonule	n.	A little zone, or girdle.
Honey-tongued	a.	Sweet speaking; persuasive; seductive.
Organist	n.	One of the priests who organized or sung in parts.
Concenter	v. t.	Alt. of Concentre
Villainies	pl.	of Villainy
Quinquangular	a.	Having five angles or corners.
Veneration	n.	The act of venerating, or the state of being venerated; the highest degree of respect and reverence; respect mingled with awe; a feeling or sentimental excited by the dignity, wisdom, or superiority of a person, by sacredness of character, by consecration to sacred services, or by hallowed associations.
Inversion	n.	The folding back of strata upon themselves, as by upheaval, in such a manner that the order of succession appears to be reversed.
Technic	a.	The method of performance in any art; technical skill; artistic execution; technique.
Earwig	n.	In America, any small chilopodous myriapod, esp. of the genus Geophilus.
Yankee-Doodle	n.	The name of a tune adopted popularly as one of the national airs of the United States.
Henen	adv.	Hence.
Osselet	n.	A little bone.
Earthworm	n.	A mean, sordid person; a niggard.
Rod	n.	A member used in tension, as for sustaining a suspended weight, or in tension and compression, as for transmitting reciprocating motion, etc.; a connecting bar.
Eleemosynary	a.	Relating to charity, alms, or almsgiving; intended for the distribution of charity; as, an eleemosynary corporation.
Thresh	v. t.	To practice thrashing grain or the like; to perform the business of beating grain from straw; as, a man who thrashes well.
Foresight	n.	Action in reference to the future; provident care; prudence; wise forethought.
Windage	n.	The sudden compression of the air caused by a projectile in passing close to another body.
Conspire	v. t.	To plot; to plan; to combine for.
Northeasterly	adv.	Toward the northeast.
Vanner	n.	A machine for concentrating ore. See Frue vanner.
Tarrier	n.	One who, or that which, tarries.
Unpleaded	a.	Not supported by pleas; undefended; as, an unpleaded suit.
Bear	v. t.	To endeavor to depress the price of, or prices in; as, to bear a railroad stock; to bear the market.
Proudly	adv.	In a proud manner; with lofty airs or mien; haughtily; arrogantly; boastfully.
Quoin	n.	A wedgelike piece of stone, wood metal, or other material, used for various purposes
Tesselar	a.	Formed of tesserae, as a mosaic.
Zinkenite	n.	A steel-gray metallic mineral, a sulphide of antimony and lead.
Spectatress	n.	Alt. of Spectatrix
Breech	n.	Breeches.
Orval	n.	A kind of sage (Salvia Horminum).
Naturalness	n.	The state or quality of being natural; conformity to nature.
Forted	a.	Furnished with, or guarded by, forts; strengthened or defended, as by forts.
Ilex	n.	The holm oak (Quercus Ilex).
Quininism	n.	Alt. of Quinism
Wardrobe	v. t.	Wearing apparel, in general; articles of dress or personal decoration.
Zantewood	n.	Satinwood (Chloroxylon Swietenia).
Blockheaded	a.	Stupid; dull.
Chafe	v. t.	To fret and wear by rubbing; as, to chafe a cable.
Gallop	v. i.	Fig.: To go rapidly or carelessly, as in making a hasty examination.
Exinanite	v. t.	To make empty; to render of no effect; to humble.
Col	n.	A short ridge connecting two higher elevations or mountains; the pass over such a ridge.
Boast	v. t.	To shape roughly as a preparation for the finer work to follow; to cut to the general form required.
Nosel	v. t.	To nurse; to lead or teach; to foster; to nuzzle.
Unguiculated	a.	Furnished with nails, claws, or hooks; clawed. See the Note under Nail, n., 1.
Agnize	v. t.	To recognize; to acknowledge.
Rapper	n.	One who, or that which, raps or knocks; specifically, the knocker of a door.
Lunated	a.	Crescent-shaped; as, a lunate leaf; a lunate beak; a lunated cross.
Quit	a.	To have done with; to cease from; to stop; hence, to depart from; to leave; to forsake; as, to quit work; to quit the place; to quit jesting.
Shrine	n.	Any sacred place, as an altar, tromb, or the like.
Nauseous	a.	Causing, or fitted to cause, nausea; sickening; loathsome; disgusting; exciting abhorrence; as, a nauseous drug or medicine.
Gird	v. t.	To encircle or bind with any flexible band.
Proposal	n.	That which is proposed, or propounded for consideration or acceptance; a scheme or design; terms or conditions proposed; offer; as, to make proposals for a treaty of peace; to offer proposals for erecting a building; to make proposals of marriage.
Kilogrammeter	n.	Alt. of Kilogrammetre
Whitewashing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Whitewash
Endurance	n.	The act of bearing or suffering; a continuing under pain or distress without resistance, or without being overcome; sufferance; patience.
Pathless	a.	Having no beaten path or way; untrodden; impenetrable; as, pathless woods.
Ichorous	a.	Of or like ichor; thin; watery; serous; sanious.
Unilocular	a.	Having one cell or cavity only; as, a unilocular capsule or shell.
Spindling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Spindle
Crimson	a.	Of a deep red color tinged with blue; deep red.
Stream	v. i.	To issue in a stream of light; to radiate.
Junket	n.	A cheese cake; a sweetmeat; any delicate food.
Zyophyte	n.	Any plant of a proposed class or grand division (Zygophytes, Zygophyta, or Zygosporeae), in which reproduction consists in the union of two similar cells.  Cf. Oophyte.
Jealous	a.	Exacting exclusive devotion; intolerant of rivalry.
Gest	n.	A roll recting the several stages arranged for a royal progress. Many of them are extant in the herald's office.
Quail	v. i.	To become quelled; to become cast down; to sink under trial or apprehension of danger; to lose the spirit and power of resistance; to lose heart; to give way; to shrink; to cower.
Enpatron	v. t.	To act the part of a patron towards; to patronize.
Why	adv.	The reason or cause for which; that on account of which; on what account; as, I know not why he left town so suddenly; -- used as a compound relative.
Sexennial	a.	Lasting six years, or happening once in six years.
Obstetricate	v. i.	To perform the office of midwife.
Peak	v. i.	To rise or extend into a peak or point; to form, or appear as, a peak.
Equity	n.	A system of jurisprudence, supplemental to law, properly so called, and complemental of it.
Pedestrious	a.	Going on foot; not winged.
Zittern	n.	See Cittern.
Wasp	n.	Any one of numerous species of stinging hymenopterous insects, esp. any of the numerous species of the genus Vespa, which includes the true, or social, wasps, some of which are called yellow jackets.
Swell	v. t.	To raise to arrogance; to puff up; to inflate; as, to be swelled with pride or haughtiness.
Ushered	imp. & p. p.	of Usher
Hygrine	n.	An alkaloid associated with cocaine in coca leaves (Erythroxylon coca), and extracted as a thick, yellow oil, having a pungent taste and odor.
Nautiloid	a.	Like or pertaining to the nautilus; shaped like a nautilus shell.
Branded	imp. & p. p.	of Brand
Inantherate	a.	Not bearing anthers; -- said of sterile stamens.
Wit	inf.	of Wit
Zillah	n.	A district or local division, as of a province.
Frost	v. t.	To cover with hoarfrost; to produce a surface resembling frost upon, as upon cake, metals, or glass.
Pounced	a.	Ornamented with perforations or dots.
Gauntlet	n.	A long glove, covering the wrist.
Xanthidia	pl.	of Xanthidium
Declaration	n.	That part of the process in which the plaintiff sets forth in order and at large his cause of complaint; the narration of the plaintiff's case containing the count, or counts. See Count, n., 3.
Valvate	a.	Resembling, or serving as, a valve; consisting of, or opening by, a valve or valves; valvular.
Espousage	n.	Espousal.
Komenic	a.	Of or pertaining to, or designating, an acid derived from meconic acid.
Unmantle	v. t.	To divest of a mantle; to uncover.
Prog	n.	Victuals got by begging, or vagrancy; victuals of any kind; food; supplies.
Cock	v. t.	To turn (the eye) obliquely and partially close its lid, as an expression of derision or insinuation.
Zebec	n.	See Xebec.
Tongue	n.	A projection on the side, as of a board, which fits into a groove.
Knower	n.	One who knows.
Lapstone	n.	A stone for the lap, on which shoemakers beat leather.
Immaturely	adv.	In an immature manner.
Vent	v. t.	To scent, as a hound.
Kindness	a.	A kind act; an act of good will; as, to do a great kindness.
Mechanically	adv.	In a mechanical manner.
Foolishness	n.	The quality of being foolish.
Drum	v. i.	To beat a drum with sticks; to beat or play a tune on a drum.
Viripotent	a.	Developed in manhood; hence, able to beget; marriageable.
Legality	n.	The state or quality of being legal; conformity to law.
Oop	v. t.	To bind with a thread or cord; to join; to unite.
Vaporer	n.	One who vapors; a braggart.
Yttric	a.	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, yttrium.
Yankeeism	n.	A Yankee idiom, word, custom, or the like.
-trices	pl.	of Quadratrix
Jostle	n.	A conflict by collisions; a crowding or bumping together; interference.
Gargarism	n.	A gargle.
Unlike	a.	Not likely; improbable; unlikely.
Laocoon	n.	A marble group in the Vatican at Rome, representing the priest Laocoon, with his sons, infolded in the coils of two serpents, as described by Virgil.
Relish	n.	Savor; quality; characteristic tinge.
Miss	n.	The act of missing; failure to hit, reach, find, obtain, etc.
Lucubrator	n.	One who studies by night; also, one who produces lucubrations.
Key	n.	Fig: The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance.
Tautomeric	a.	Relating to, or characterized by, tautomerism.
Transit	n.	The act of passing; passage through or over.
Consubstantiated	imp. & p. p.	of Consubstantiate
Leech	n.	A glass tube of peculiar construction, adapted for drawing blood from a scarified part by means of a vacuum.
Swaging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Swage
Moralize	v. t.	To give a moral quality to; to affect the moral quality of, either for better or worse.
Blest	a.	Blessed.
Kinetics	n.	See Dynamics.
Serf	v. t.	A servant or slave employed in husbandry, and in some countries attached to the soil and transferred with it, as formerly in Russia.
Hold	v. t.	To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel; as, this pail holds milk; hence, to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for.
Bacchant	n.	A bacchanal; a reveler.
Clerisy	n.	The literati, or well educated class.
Yardfuls	pl.	of Yardful
Cimex	n.	A genus of hemipterous insects of which the bedbug is the best known example. See Bedbug.
Yoga	n.	A species of asceticism among the Hindoos, which consists in a complete abstraction from all worldly objects, by which the votary expects to obtain union with the universal spirit, and to acquire superhuman faculties.
Kemb	v. t.	To comb.
Interpretation	n.	The act of interpreting; explanation of what is obscure; translation; version; construction; as, the interpretation of a foreign language, of a dream, or of an enigma.
Heavened	imp. & p. p.	of Heaven
Oryza	n.	A genus of grasses including the rice plant; rice.
Uncheckable	a.	Not capable of being checked or stopped.
Whereness	n.	The quality or state of having a place; ubiety; situation; position.
Yaw	n.	A movement of a vessel by which she temporarily alters her course; a deviation from a straight course in steering.
Geogonic	a.	Alt. of Geogonical
Breed	v. t.	To take care of in infancy, and through the age of youth; to bring up; to nurse and foster.
Knowingness	n.	The state or quality of being knowing or intelligent; shrewdness; skillfulness.
Loss	v. t.	Destruction or diminution of value, if brought about in a manner provided for in the insurance contract (as destruction by fire or wreck, damage by water or smoke), or the death or injury of an insured person; also, the sum paid or payable therefor; as, the losses of the company this year amount to a million of dollars.
Unwares	adv.	Unawares; unexpectedly; -- sometimes preceded by at.
Vouchment	n.	A solemn assertion.
Jetting	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Jet
Uranate	n.	A salt of uranic acid.
Yester	a.	Last; last past; next before; of or pertaining to yesterday.
Eucharistic	a.	Alt. of Eucharistical
Organographical	a.	Of or pertaining to organography.
Halesia	n.	A genus of American shrubs containing several species, called snowdrop trees, or silver-bell trees. They have showy, white flowers, drooping on slender pedicels.
Quop	v. i.	See Quob.
Neediness	n.	The state or quality of being needy; want; poverty; indigence.
On	prep.	Forward, in succession; as, from father to son, from the son to the grandson, and so on.
Frailly	adv.	Weakly; infirmly.
Trays	pl.	of Tray
Observe	v. i.	To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
Medics	n.	Science of medicine.
Gonorrhoeal	a.	Of or pertaining to gonorrhea; as, gonorrheal rheumatism.
Underlying	a.	Lying under or beneath; hence, fundamental; as, the underlying strata of a locality; underlying principles.
Tactable	a.	Capable of being touched; tangible.
Flora	n.	The complete system of vegetable species growing without cultivation in a given locality, region, or period; a list or description of, or treatise on, such plants.
Grotesquely	adv.	In a grotesque manner.
Langteraloo	n.	An old game at cards. See Loo (a).
Besmutted	imp. & p. p.	of Besmut
Atellan	a.	Of or pertaining to Atella, in ancient Italy; as, Atellan plays; farcical; ribald.
Replied	imp. & p. p.	of Reply
Oosporangia	pl.	of Oosporangium
Urge	v. t.	To press hard upon; to follow closely
Tripalmitate	n.	A palmitate derived from three molecules of palmitic acid.
Dermatogen	n.	Nascent epidermis, or external cuticle of plants in a forming condition.
Inapathy	n.	Sensibility; feeling; -- opposed to apathy.
Kythe	v. t.	To come into view; to appear.
Melanochroite	n.	A mineral of a red, or brownish or yellowish red color. It is a chromate of lead; -- called also phoenicocroite.
Jehovistic	a.	Relating to, or containing, Jehovah, as a name of God; -- said of certain parts of the Old Testament, especially of the Pentateuch, in which Jehovah appears as the name of the Deity. See Elohistic.
Excuse	v. t.	That which is offered as a reason for being excused; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault or irregular deportment; apology; as, an excuse for neglect of duty; excuses for delay of payment.
Zone	v. t.	To girdle; to encircle.
Stitching	n.	The act of one who stitches.
Coldly	adv.	In a cold manner; without warmth, animation, or feeling; with indifference; calmly.
Hipping	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Hip
Zizania	n.	A genus of grasses including Indian rice.  See Indian rice, under Rice.
Oblique	a.	Not direct in descent; not following the line of father and son; collateral.
Kymry	n.	See Cymry.
Revigorate	v. t.	To give new vigor to.
Querquedule	n.	The pintail duck.
Klipspringer	n.	A small, graceful South African antelope (Nanotragus oreotragus), which, like the chamois, springs from one crag to another with great agility; -- called also kainsi.
Homicidal	a.	Pertaining to homicide; tending to homicide; murderous.
Zoographical	a.	Of or pertaining to the description of animals.
Calculating	a.	Given to contrivance or forethought; forecasting; scheming; as, a cool calculating disposition.
Youl	v. i.	To yell; to yowl.
Aphanipterous	a.	Of or pertaining to the Aphaniptera.
Quitture	n.	A discharge; an issue.
Longulite	n.	A kind of crystallite having a (slender) acicular form.
Din	v. i.	To sound with a din; a ding.
Quip	v. t.	To taunt; to treat with quips.
Willsome	a.	Willful; obstinate.
Zymosis	n.	A zymotic disease.
Jack	n.	In hunting, the pan or frame holding the fuel of the torch used to attract game at night; also, the light itself.
Yellowtop	n.	A kind of grass, perhaps a species of Agrostis.
Excerption	n.	That which is selected or gleaned; an extract.
Occasional	a.	Produced by accident; as, the occasional origin of a thing.
Herling	n.	Alt. of Hirling
Rector	n.	A clergyman who has the charge and cure of a parish, and has the tithes, etc.; the clergyman of a parish where the tithes are not impropriate. See the Note under Vicar.
Triplasian	a.	Three-fold; triple; treble.
Unslaked	a.	Not slaked; unslacked; as, an unslaked thirst; unslaked lime.
Preselect	v. t.	To select beforehand.
Imitative	a.	Designed to imitate another species of animal, or a plant, or inanimate object, for some useful purpose, such as protection from enemies; having resamblance to something else; as, imitative colors; imitative habits; dendritic and mammillary forms of minerals are imitative.
Joker	n.	See Rest bower, under 2d Bower.
Alloy	v. t.	The quality, or comparative purity, of gold or silver; fineness.
Spane	v. t.	To wean.
Vermilion	n.	A bright red pigment consisting of mercuric sulphide, obtained either from the mineral cinnabar or artificially. It has a fine red color, and is much used in coloring sealing wax, in printing, etc.
Grizzled	a.	Gray; grayish; sprinkled or mixed with gray; of a mixed white and black.
Forrill	n.	Lambskin parchment; vellum; forel.
Hornbook	n.	The first book for children, or that from which in former times they learned their letters and rudiments; -- so called because a sheet of horn covered the small, thin board of oak, or the slip of paper, on which the alphabet, digits, and often the Lord's Prayer, were written or printed; a primer.
Make	v. t.	To require; to constrain; to compel; to force; to cause; to occasion; -- followed by a noun or pronoun and infinitive.
Hardiness	n.	Hardihood; boldness; firmness; assurance.
Nief	n.	See Neif, the fist.
Geologian	n.	A geologist.
Unigenous	a.	Being of one kind; being of the same genus.
Morbidness	n.	The quality or state of being morbid; morbidity.
Unused	a.	Not used; as, an unused book; an unused apartment.
Hive	n.	The bees of one hive; a swarm of bees.
Nakoo	n.	The gavial.
Venom	n.	To infect with venom; to envenom; to poison.
Oracle	n.	The answer of a god, or some person reputed to be a god, to an inquiry respecting some affair or future event, as the success of an enterprise or battle.
Pulchritude	n.	Attractive moral excellence; moral beauty.
Yellow	v. i.	To become yellow or yellower.
Nip	n.	A pinch with the nails or teeth.
Tour	n.	A tower.
Fecund	a.	Fruitful in children; prolific.
Suresby	n.	One to be sure of, or to be relied on.
Livery	n.	An allowance of food statedly given out; a ration, as to a family, to servants, to horses, etc.
Go	v. i.	To proceed by a mental operation; to pass in mind or by an act of the memory or imagination; -- generally with over or through.
Generous	a.	Open-handed; free to give; not close or niggardly; munificent; as, a generous friend or father.
Yawl-rigged	a.	Having two masts with fore-and-aft sails, but differing from a schooner in that the after mast is very small, and stepped as far aft as possible.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Internuncial	a.	Of or pertaining to an internuncio.
Crake	v. t. & i.	To boast; to speak loudly and boastfully.
Warm	superl.	Having yellow or red for a basis, or in their composition; -- said of colors, and opposed to cold which is of blue and its compounds.
Insoluble	a.	Not to be solved or explained; insolvable; as, an insoluble doubt, question, or difficulty.
Respect	v.	Relation; reference; regard.
Bill	n.	A cutting instrument, with hook-shaped point, and fitted with a handle; -- used in pruning, etc.; a billhook. When short, called a hand bill, when long, a hedge bill.
Unbreathed	a.	Not breathed.
Unclosed	a.	Not closed; not sealed; open.
Xenomania	n.	A mania for, or an inordinate attachment to, foreign customs, institutions, manners, fashions, etc.
Ottoman	a.	Of or pertaining to the Turks; as, the Ottoman power or empire.
Funk	v. t.	To envelop with an offensive smell or smoke.
Methodization	n.	The act or process of methodizing, or the state of being methodized.
Ungual	a.	Having a nail, claw, or hoof attached; -- said of certain bones of the feet.
Xylogen	n.	Nascent wood; wood cells in a forming state.
Ditolyl	n.	A white, crystalline, aromatic hydrocarbon, C14H14, consisting of two radicals or residues of toluene.
Vinery	n.	A vineyard.
Ygdrasyl	n.	See in the Dictionary of Noted Names in Fiction.
Koorilian	a & n.	Same as Kurilian.
Lover	n.	One who loves; one who is in love; -- usually limited, in the singular, to a person of the male sex.
Proponent	n.	The propounder of a thing.
Observer	n.	One who keeps any law, custom, regulation, rite, etc.; one who conforms to anything in practice.
Marlin	n.	The American great marbled godwit (Limosa fedoa). Applied also to the red-breasted godwit (Limosa haematica).
Superintendent	a.	Overseeing; superintending.
Triumph	n.	To obtain victory; to be successful; to prevail.
Melt	v. i.	To be changed from a solid to a liquid state under the influence of heat; as, butter and wax melt at moderate temperatures.
Xylograph	n.	An engraving on wood, or the impression from such an engraving; a print by xylography.
Geste	v. i.	To tell stories or gests.
Incense	v. t.	To inflame with anger; to endkindle; to fire; to incite; to provoke; to heat; to madden.
Meat	n.	Food, in general; anything eaten for nourishment, either by man or beast. Hence, the edible part of anything; as, the meat of a lobster, a nut, or an egg.
Versificator	n.	A versifier.
Exigence	n.	Exigency.
Shuck	n.	A shell, husk, or pod; especially, the outer covering of such nuts as the hickory nut, butternut, peanut, and chestnut.
Dispirited	a.	Depressed in spirits; disheartened; daunted.
Quarrel	n.	A square of glass, esp. when set diagonally.
Xylography	n.	The art of engraving on wood.
Veinstone	n.	The nonmetalliferous mineral or rock material which accompanies the ores in a vein, as quartz, calcite, barite, fluor spar, etc.; -- called also veinstuff.
Dunder	n.	The lees or dregs of cane juice, used in the distillation of rum.
Queerish	a.	Rather queer; somewhat singular.
Candidateship	n.	Candidacy.
Xanthogen	n.	Persulphocyanogen.
Easy	v. t.	Not difficult; requiring little labor or effort; slight; inconsiderable; as, an easy task; an easy victory.
Ascertainment	n.	The act of ascertaining; a reducing to certainty; a finding out by investigation; discovery.
Toledo	n.	A sword or sword blade made at Toledo in Spain, which city was famous in the 16th and 17th centuries for the excellence of its weapons.
Youze	n.	The cheetah.
Landscapist	n.	A painter of landscapes.
Notice	n.	Intelligence, by whatever means communicated; knowledge given or received; means of knowledge; express notification; announcement; warning.
Zealot	n.	One who is zealous; one who engages warmly in any cause, and pursues his object with earnestness and ardor; especially, one who is overzealous, or carried away by his zeal; one absorbed in devotion to anything; an enthusiast; a fanatical partisan.
Inscrutableness	n.	The quality or state of being inscrutable; inscrutability.
Minas	pl.	of Mina
Xyloidin	n.	A substance resembling pyroxylin, obtained by the action of nitric acid on starch; -- called also nitramidin.
Planch	n.	A plank.
Overgo	v. t.	To oppress; to weigh down.
Soma	n.	The whole axial portion of an animal, including the head, neck, trunk, and tail.
Kindred	n.	Relationship by birth or marriage; consanguinity; affinity; kin.
Geal	v. i.	To congeal.
Oppidan	n.	An inhabitant of a town.
Gurgling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Gurgle
Island	n.	See Isle, n., 2.
Zamang	n.	An immense leguminous tree (Pithecolobium Saman) of Venezuela. Its branches form a hemispherical mass, often one hundred and eighty feet across. The sweet pulpy pods are used commonly for feeding cattle. Also called rain tree.
Ungueal	a.	Ungual.
Theocrasy	n.	An intimate union of the soul with God in contemplation, -- an ideal of the Neoplatonists and of some Oriental mystics.
Flagellating	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Flagellate
Witness	v. i.	Attestation of a fact or an event; testimony.
Coeducation	n.	An educating together, as of persons of different sexes or races.
Bailey	n.	The space immediately within the outer wall of a castle or fortress.
Organ	n.	A natural part or structure in an animal or a plant, capable of performing some special action (termed its function), which is essential to the life or well-being of the whole; as, the heart, lungs, etc., are organs of animals; the root, stem, foliage, etc., are organs of plants.
Nerve	n.	Steadiness and firmness of mind; self-command in personal danger, or under suffering; unshaken courage and endurance; coolness; pluck; resolution.
Line	n.	The wire connecting one telegraphic station with another, or the whole of a system of telegraph wires under one management and name.
Reap	v. i.	To perform the act or operation of reaping; to gather a harvest.
Tangibility	n.	The quality or state of being tangible.
Baker	v. i.	One whose business it is to bake bread, biscuit, etc.
Pollinctor	n.	One who prepared corpses for the funeral.
Inversion	n.	A movement in tactics by which the order of companies in line is inverted, the right being on the left, the left on the right, and so on.
Dumb	a.	Lacking brightness or clearness, as a color.
Quadrilateral	n.	A plane figure having four sides, and consequently four angles; a quadrangular figure; any figure formed by four lines.
Neologically	adv.	In a neological manner.
Bigotry	n.	The state of mind of a bigot; obstinate and unreasoning attachment of one's own belief and opinions, with narrow-minded intolerance of beliefs opposed to them.
Flaundrish	a.	Flemish.
Nitrosalicylic	a.	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a nitro derivative of salicylic acid, called also anilic acid.
Orthognathous	a.	Having the front of the head, or the skull, nearly perpendicular, not retreating backwards above the jaws; -- opposed to prognathous. See Gnathic index, under Gnathic.
Order	n.	Of periods of time or occurrences, and the like.
Knot	n.	A figure the lines of which are interlaced or intricately interwoven, as in embroidery, gardening, etc.
Grogran	n.	A coarse stuff made of silk and mohair, or of coarse silk.
Viscosity	n.	A quality analogous to that of a viscous fluid, supposed to be caused by internal friction, especially in the case of gases.
Buttonwood	n.	The Platanus occidentalis, or American plane tree, a large tree, producing rough balls, from which it is named; -- called also buttonball tree, and, in some parts of the United States, sycamore. The California buttonwood is P. racemosa.
Mendacity	n.	The quality or state of being mendacious; a habit of lying.
Tropeine	n.	Any one of a series of artificial ethereal salts derived from the alkaloidal base tropine.
Xylographical	a.	Of or pertaining to xylography, or wood engraving.
Vicemen	pl.	of Viceman
Valuer	n.	One who values; an appraiser.
Xanthoprotein	n.	A yellow acid substance formed by the action of hot nitric acid on albuminous or proteid matter. It is changed to a deep orange-yellow color by the addition of ammonia.
Velocities	pl.	of Velocity
Geoponic	a.	Alt. of Geoponical
Ganja	n.	The dried hemp plant, used in India for smoking. It is extremely narcotic and intoxicating.
Recubation	n.	Recumbence.
Tagger	n.	Sheets of tin or other plate which run below the gauge.
Xylonite	n.	See Zylonite.
Do-nothingness	n.	Inactivity; habitual sloth; idleness.
Zacco	n.	See Zocco.
Redolency	n.	The quality of being redolent; sweetness of scent; pleasant odor; fragrance.
Oberration	n.	A wandering about.
Overperch	v. t.	To perch upon; to fly over.
Hydrothecas	pl.	of Hydrotheca
Evener	n.	In vehicles, a swinging crossbar, to the ends of which other crossbars, or whiffletrees, are hung, to equalize the draught when two or three horses are used abreast.
Presbyterian	a.	Of or pertaining to a presbyter, or to ecclesiastical government by presbyters; relating to those who uphold church government by presbyters; also, to the doctrine, discipline, and worship of a communion so governed.
Trance	v. t.	To entrance.
Avoidance	n.	The act of becoming vacant, or the state of being vacant; -- specifically used for the state of a benefice becoming void by the death, deprivation, or resignation of the incumbent.
Preach	v. t.	To inculcate in public discourse; to urge with earnestness by public teaching.
Vibrate	v. i.	To produce an oscillating or quivering effect of sound; as, a whisper vibrates on the ear.
Terrene	a.	Earthy; terrestrial.
Ptyxis	n.	The way in which a leaf is sometimes folded in the bud.
Berserker	n.	One of a class of legendary heroes, who fought frenzied by intoxicating liquors, and naked, regardless of wounds.
Err	v. i.	To deviate from the true course; to miss the thing aimed at.
Kicky-wisky	n.	That which is restless and uneasy.
Reduce	n.	To bring into a certain order, arrangement, classification, etc.; to bring under rules or within certain limits of descriptions and terms adapted to use in computation; as, to reduce animals or vegetables to a class or classes; to reduce a series of observations in astronomy; to reduce language to rules.
Uniflagellate	a.	Having but one flagellum; as, uniflagellate organisms.
Neophyte	n.	A novice; a tyro; a beginner in anything.
Whitishness	n.	The quality or state of being whitish or somewhat white.
Convulsion	n.	An unnatural, violent, and unvoluntary contraction of the muscular parts of an animal body.
Noctuid	n.	Any one of numerous moths of the family Noctuidae, or Noctuaelitae, as the cutworm moths, and armyworm moths; -- so called because they fly at night.
Zubr	n.	The aurochs.
Quarter	n.	The after-part of a vessel's side, generally corresponding in extent with the quarter-deck; also, the part of the yardarm outside of the slings.
Coverlid	n.	A coverlet.
Rove	v. t.	To draw out into flakes; to card, as wool.
Accord	v. t.	Agreement or concurrence of opinion, will, or action; harmony of mind; consent; assent.
Yerk	v. i.	To throw out the heels; to kick; to jerk.
Angiospermatous	a.	Same as Angiospermous.
Zoroastrian	a.	Of or pertaining to Zoroaster, or his religious system.
Nonpreparation	n.	Neglect or failure to prepare; want of preparation.
Aphakia	n.	An anomalous state of refraction caused by the absence of the crystalline lens, as after operations for cataract. The remedy is the use of powerful convex lenses.
Impliedly	adv.	By implication or inference.
Phrenitis	n.	Inflammation of the brain, or of the meninges of the brain, attended with acute fever and delirium; -- called also cephalitis.
Linen	n.	Thread or cloth made of flax or (rarely) of hemp; -- used in a general sense to include cambric, shirting, sheeting, towels, tablecloths, etc.
Albescent	a.	Becoming white or whitish; moderately white.
Amphigonic	a.	Pertaining to amphigony; sexual; as, amphigonic propagation.
Prescient	a.	Having knowledge of coming events; foreseeing; conscious beforehand.
Number	n.	A numeral; a word or character denoting a number; as, to put a number on a door.
Epigrammatized	imp. & p. p.	of Epigrammatize
Llano	n.	An extensive plain with or without vegetation.
Duodecimo	n.	A book consisting of sheets each of which is folded into twelve leaves; hence, indicating, more or less definitely, a size of a book; -- usually written 12mo or 12.
Jainism	n.	The heterodox Hindoo religion, of which the most striking features are the exaltation of saints or holy mortals, called jins, above the ordinary Hindoo gods, and the denial of the divine origin and infallibility of the Vedas. It is intermediate between Brahmanism and Buddhism, having some things in common with each.
Expedite	a.	Expeditious; quick; speedily; prompt.
Now	adv.	In present circumstances; things being as they are; -- hence, used as a connective particle, to introduce an inference or an explanation.
Gigantical	a.	Bulky, big.
Nutcracker	n.	The American, or Clarke's, nutcracker (Picicorvus Columbianus) of Western North America.
Unavoided	a.	Unavoidable; inevitable.
Irradiate	v. t.	To radiate, shed, or diffuse.
Licentiate	n.	One who acts without restraint, or takes a liberty, as if having a license therefor.
Apprehensively	adv.	In an apprehensive manner; with apprehension of danger.
Penhouse	n.	A penthouse.
Yaup	n.	A cry of distress, rage, or the like, as the cry of a sickly bird, or of a child in pain.
Opalizing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Opalize
Yoke	v. t.	To couple; to join with another.
Old	superl.	More than enough; abundant.
Queller	n.	One who quells; one who overpowers or subdues.
Jervine	n.	A poisonous alkaloid resembling veratrine, and found with it in white hellebore (Veratrum album); -- called also jervina.
Noisiness	n.	The state or quality of being noisy.
Urva	n.	The crab-eating ichneumon (Herpestes urva), native of India. The fur is black, annulated with white at the tip of each hair, and a white streak extends from the mouth to the shoulder.
Bashaw	n.	A very large siluroid fish (Leptops olivaris) of the Mississippi valley; -- also called goujon, mud cat, and yellow cat.
Burr	n.	A triangular chisel.
Snuffing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Snuff
Bougainvillaea	n.	A genus of plants of the order Nyctoginaceae, from tropical South America, having the flowers surrounded by large bracts.
