Recollection	n.	The power of recalling ideas to the mind, or the period within which things can be recollected; remembrance; memory; as, an event within my recollection.
Nip	n.	A pinch with the nails or teeth.
Wodegeld	n.	A geld, or payment, for wood.
Xiphoid	a.	Of or pertaining to the xiphoid process; xiphoidian.
Occidental	a.	Of, pertaining to, or situated in, the occident, or west; western; -- opposed to oriental; as, occidental climates, or customs; an occidental planet.
Ado	n.	Doing; trouble; difficulty; troublesome business; fuss; bustle; as, to make a great ado about trifles.
Jonquil	n.	Alt. of Jonquille
Worble	n.	See Wormil.
Shuck	n.	A shell, husk, or pod; especially, the outer covering of such nuts as the hickory nut, butternut, peanut, and chestnut.
Undersay	v. t.	To say by way of derogation or contradiction.
Sou	n.	An old French copper coin, equivalent in value to, and now displaced by, the five-centime piece (/ of a franc), which is popularly called a sou.
Occasional	a.	Produced by accident; as, the occasional origin of a thing.
Respect	v.	Relation; reference; regard.
Herling	n.	Alt. of Hirling
Desponsation	n.	A betrothing; betrothal.
Diseasefulness	n.	The quality of being diseaseful; trouble; trial.
Jugular	a.	Having the ventral fins beneath the throat; -- said of certain fishes.
Rubato	a.	Robbed; borrowed.
Vulgarity	n.	Grossness or clownishness of manners of language; absence of refinement; coarseness.
Inscrutableness	n.	The quality or state of being inscrutable; inscrutability.
Paymaster	n.	One who pays; one who compensates, rewards, or requites; specifically, an officer or agent of a government, a corporation, or an employer, whose duty it is to pay salaries, wages, etc., and keep account of the same.
Geologian	n.	A geologist.
Zemindary	n.	Alt. of Zemindari
Valuer	n.	One who values; an appraiser.
Blockheaded	a.	Stupid; dull.
Incense	v. t.	To inflame with anger; to endkindle; to fire; to incite; to provoke; to heat; to madden.
Old	superl.	More than enough; abundant.
Latency	n.	The state or quality of being latent.
Institution	n.	Instruction; education.
Denominate	v. t.	To give a name to; to characterize by an epithet; to entitle; to name; to designate.
Yard	v. i.	A long piece of timber, as a rafter, etc.
Conjurer	n.	One who conjures; one who calls, entreats, or charges in a solemn manner.
Zampogna	n.	A sort of bagpipe formerly in use among Italian peasants. It is now almost obsolete.
Purge	v. t.	To remove in cleansing; to deterge; to wash away; -- often followed by away.
Island	n.	See Isle, n., 2.
Steganographist	n.	One skilled in steganography; a cryptographer.
Reduce	n.	To bring to a certain state or condition by grinding, pounding, kneading, rubbing, etc.; as, to reduce a substance to powder, or to a pasty mass; to reduce fruit, wood, or paper rags, to pulp.
Valvate	a.	Resembling, or serving as, a valve; consisting of, or opening by, a valve or valves; valvular.
Komenic	a.	Of or pertaining to, or designating, an acid derived from meconic acid.
Knap	v. t.	To strike smartly; to rap; to snap.
Foremostly	adv.	In the foremost place or order; among the foremost.
Nestling	n.	A young bird which has not abandoned the nest.
Woodwardia	n.	A genus of ferns, one species of which (Woodwardia radicans) is a showy plant in California, the Azores, etc.
Yoke	v. t.	To couple; to join with another.
Atellan	a.	Of or pertaining to Atella, in ancient Italy; as, Atellan plays; farcical; ribald.
Spindling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Spindle
Lessener	n.	One who, or that which, lessens.
Y	pron.	I.
Zoozoo	n.	The wood pigeon.
Vitiousness	n.	See Vicious, Viciously, Viciousness.
Enthusiastic	n.	An enthusiast; a zealot.
Xenia	pl.	of Xenium
Tarrier	n.	One who, or that which, tarries.
Fossilize	v. t.	To cause to become antiquated, rigid, or fixed, as by fossilization; to mummify; to deaden.
Oosporangia	pl.	of Oosporangium
Rapper	n.	One who, or that which, raps or knocks; specifically, the knocker of a door.
Justify	v. i.	To take oath to the ownership of property sufficient to qualify one's self as bail or surety.
Xylophilous	a.	Of or pertaining to the xylophilans.
Toltec	n.	One of a race which formerly occupied Mexico.
Drum	v. i.	To beat a drum with sticks; to beat or play a tune on a drum.
Prick	n.	To render acid or pungent.
Terebrating	a.	Boring; piercing; -- applied to certain kinds of pain, especially to those of locomotor ataxia.
Geal	v. i.	To congeal.
Order	n.	Of periods of time or occurrences, and the like.
Stitching	n.	The act of one who stitches.
Tonsorial	a.	Of or pertaining to a barber, or shaving.
Waging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Wage
Make	v. t.	To require; to constrain; to compel; to force; to cause; to occasion; -- followed by a noun or pronoun and infinitive.
Imitative	a.	Designed to imitate another species of animal, or a plant, or inanimate object, for some useful purpose, such as protection from enemies; having resamblance to something else; as, imitative colors; imitative habits; dendritic and mammillary forms of minerals are imitative.
Zacco	n.	See Zocco.
Universal	n.	A general abstract conception, so called from being universally applicable to, or predicable of, each individual or species contained under it.
Crake	v. t. & i.	To boast; to speak loudly and boastfully.
Honey-tongued	a.	Sweet speaking; persuasive; seductive.
Annihilate	v. t.	To destroy the form or peculiar distinctive properties of, so that the specific thing no longer exists; as, to annihilate a forest by cutting down the trees.
Zonule	n.	A little zone, or girdle.
Donatory	n.	A donee of the crown; one the whom, upon certain condition, escheated property is made over.
Rubicund	a.	Inclining to redness; ruddy; red.
Xanthochroic	a.	Having a yellowish or fair complexion; of or pertaining to the Xanthochroi.
Nauseous	a.	Causing, or fitted to cause, nausea; sickening; loathsome; disgusting; exciting abhorrence; as, a nauseous drug or medicine.
Unigenous	a.	Being of one kind; being of the same genus.
Quoin	n.	A wedgelike piece of stone, wood metal, or other material, used for various purposes
Know	v. i.	To have knowledge; to have a clear and certain perception; to possess wisdom, instruction, or information; -- often with of.
Buy	v. t.	To acquire or procure by something given or done in exchange, literally or figuratively; to get, at a cost or sacrifice; to buy pleasure with pain.
Journalize	v. i.	to conduct or contribute to a public journal; to follow the profession of a journalist.
Swaging	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Swage
Pounced	a.	Ornamented with perforations or dots.
Melanochroite	n.	A mineral of a red, or brownish or yellowish red color. It is a chromate of lead; -- called also phoenicocroite.
Limbat	n.	A cooling periodical wind in the Isle of Cyprus, blowing from the northwest from eight o'clock, A. M., to the middle of the day or later.
Ushered	imp. & p. p.	of Usher
Excuse	v. t.	That which is offered as a reason for being excused; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault or irregular deportment; apology; as, an excuse for neglect of duty; excuses for delay of payment.
Proposal	n.	That which is proposed, or propounded for consideration or acceptance; a scheme or design; terms or conditions proposed; offer; as, to make proposals for a treaty of peace; to offer proposals for erecting a building; to make proposals of marriage.
Quince	n.	The fruit of a shrub (Cydonia vulgaris) belonging to the same tribe as the apple. It somewhat resembles an apple, but differs in having many seeds in each carpel. It has hard flesh of high flavor, but very acid, and is largely used for marmalade, jelly, and preserves.
Minas	pl.	of Mina
Stubby	a.	Abounding with stubs.
Bisetose	a.	Alt. of Bisetous
Yoke	n.	A band shaped to fit the shoulders or the hips, and joined to the upper full edge of the waist or the skirt.
Joker	n.	See Rest bower, under 2d Bower.
Hand	v. i.	To cooperate.
Way	n.	The means by which anything is reached, or anything is accomplished; scheme; device; plan.
Kistvaen	n.	A Celtic monument, commonly known as a dolmen.
Jack	n.	In hunting, the pan or frame holding the fuel of the torch used to attract game at night; also, the light itself.
Dactyliography	n.	The art of writing or engraving upon gems.
Quotidian	a.	Occurring or returning daily; as, a quotidian fever.
Candidateship	n.	Candidacy.
Alterative	n.	A medicine or treatment which gradually induces a change, and restores healthy functions without sensible evacuations.
Trays	pl.	of Tray
Befog	v. t.	To involve in a fog; -- mostly as a participle or part. adj.
Chape	n.	The metal plate or tip which protects the end of a scabbard, belt, etc.
Quadrijugous	a.	Pinnate, with four pairs of leaflets; as, a quadrijugous leaf.
Ethiopian	a.	Alt. of Ethiopic
Drama	n.	A composition, in prose or poetry, accommodated to action, and intended to exhibit a picture of human life, or to depict a series of grave or humorous actions of more than ordinary interest, tending toward some striking result. It is commonly designed to be spoken and represented by actors on the stage.
Knighthead	n.	A bollard timber. See under Bollard.
Mongol	n.	One of the Mongols.
Glaive	n.	A sword; -- used poetically and loosely.
Round	a.	Not inconsiderable; large; hence, generous; free; as, a round price.
Homicidal	a.	Pertaining to homicide; tending to homicide; murderous.
Eudialyte	n.	A mineral of a brownish red color and vitreous luster, consisting chiefly of the silicates of iron, zirconia, and lime.
Xylidine	n.	Any one of six metameric hydrocarbons, (CH3)2.C6H3.NH2, resembling aniline, and related to xylene. They are liquids, or easily fusible crystalline substances, of which three are derived from metaxylene, two from orthoxylene, and one from paraxylene. They are called the amido xylenes.
Quarterstaves	pl.	of Quarterstaff
Inuloid	n.	A substance resembling inulin, found in the unripe bulbs of the dahila.
Cosmopolitan	n.	Alt. of Cosmopolite
North	v. i.	To turn or move toward the north; to veer from the east or west toward the north.
Marlin	n.	The American great marbled godwit (Limosa fedoa). Applied also to the red-breasted godwit (Limosa haematica).
Unclosed	a.	Not closed; not sealed; open.
Lope	n.	A leap; a long step.
Gunshot	a.	Made by the shot of a gun: as. a gunshot wound.
Abbreviation	n.	The act of shortening, or reducing.
Occupy	v. t.	To take or hold possession of; to hold or keep for use; to possess.
Motherhood	n.	The state of being a mother; the character or office of a mother.
Warfare	n.	Contest; struggle.
Zeta	n.	A Greek letter  corresponding to our z.
Herrnhuter	n.	One of the Moravians; -- so called from the settlement of Herrnhut (the Lord's watch) made, about 1722, by the Moravians at the invitation of Nicholas Lewis, count of Zinzendorf, upon his estate in the circle of Bautzen.
Endurance	n.	The act of bearing or suffering; a continuing under pain or distress without resistance, or without being overcome; sufferance; patience.
Commended	imp. & p. p.	of Commend
Oppidan	n.	An inhabitant of a town.
Jugula	pl.	of Jugulum
Emergencies	pl.	of Emergency
Hetarism	n.	A supposed primitive state of society, in which all the women of a tribe were held in common.
Xylogen	n.	Nascent wood; wood cells in a forming state.
Quarter	n.	The after-part of a vessel's side, generally corresponding in extent with the quarter-deck; also, the part of the yardarm outside of the slings.
Gurgling	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Gurgle
Yaw	n.	A movement of a vessel by which she temporarily alters her course; a deviation from a straight course in steering.
Unborn	a.	Not born; no yet brought into life; being still to appear; future.
Raphides	n. pl.	See Rhaphides.
Yoke	n.	Two animals yoked together; a couple; a pair that work together.
Inanity	n.	An inane, useless thing or pursuit; a vanity; a silly object; -- chiefly in pl.; as, the inanities of the world.
Line	n.	The wire connecting one telegraphic station with another, or the whole of a system of telegraph wires under one management and name.
Baker	v. i.	One whose business it is to bake bread, biscuit, etc.
Transit	n.	The act of passing; passage through or over.
Medics	n.	Science of medicine.
Snuffing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Snuff
Prog	n.	Victuals got by begging, or vagrancy; victuals of any kind; food; supplies.
Halesia	n.	A genus of American shrubs containing several species, called snowdrop trees, or silver-bell trees. They have showy, white flowers, drooping on slender pedicels.
Belladonna	n.	A species of Amaryllis (A. belladonna); the belladonna lily.
Convulsion	n.	An unnatural, violent, and unvoluntary contraction of the muscular parts of an animal body.
Youl	v. i.	To yell; to yowl.
Quinquangular	a.	Having five angles or corners.
Yttric	a.	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, yttrium.
Furniture	v. t.	Articles used for convenience or decoration in a house or apartment, as tables, chairs, bedsteads, sofas, carpets, curtains, pictures, vases, etc.
Viripotent	a.	Developed in manhood; hence, able to beget; marriageable.
Expedite	a.	Expeditious; quick; speedily; prompt.
Tangibility	n.	The quality or state of being tangible.
Army	n.	A collection or body of men armed for war, esp. one organized in companies, battalions, regiments, brigades, and divisions, under proper officers.
Turnspit	n.	A small breed of dogs having a long body and short crooked legs. These dogs were formerly much used for turning a spit on which meat was roasting.
Fortlet	n.	A little fort.
Evener	n.	In vehicles, a swinging crossbar, to the ends of which other crossbars, or whiffletrees, are hung, to equalize the draught when two or three horses are used abreast.
Hydroid	a.	Related to, or resembling, the hydra; of or pertaining to the Hydroidea.
Dig	v. t.	To turn up, or delve in, (earth) with a spade or a hoe; to open, loosen, or break up (the soil) with a spade, or other sharp instrument; to pierce, open, or loosen, as if with a spade.
Sowter	n.	See Souter.
Neocene	a.	More recent than the Eocene, that is, including both the Miocene and Pliocene divisions of the Tertiary.
Xeres	n.	Sherry.  See Sherry.
Heavened	imp. & p. p.	of Heaven
Hold	v. t.	To receive and retain; to contain as a vessel; as, this pail holds milk; hence, to be able to receive and retain; to have capacity or containing power for.
March	n.	The distance passed over in marching; as, an hour's march; a march of twenty miles.
Masquerade	v. i.	To frolic or disport in disquise; to make a pretentious show of being what one is not.
Lawyerly	a.	Like, or becoming, a lawyer; as, lawyerlike sagacity.
Jam	n.	A preserve of fruit boiled with sugar and water; as, raspberry jam; currant jam; grape jam.
Nonacceptance	n.	A neglect or refusal to accept.
Jackstay	n.	A rail of wood or iron stretching along a yard of a vessel, to which the sails are fastened.
Midmost	a.	Middle; middlemost.
Observe	v. i.	To make a remark; to comment; -- generally with on or upon.
Internuncial	a.	Of or pertaining to an internuncio.
Gonorrhoeal	a.	Of or pertaining to gonorrhea; as, gonorrheal rheumatism.
Duodecimo	n.	A book consisting of sheets each of which is folded into twelve leaves; hence, indicating, more or less definitely, a size of a book; -- usually written 12mo or 12�.
Querry	n.	A groom; an equerry.
General	a.	As a whole; in gross; for the most part.
Reimbursed	imp. & p. p.	of Reimburse
Zooecia	pl.	of Zooecium
Vinagrous	a.	Resembling vinegar; sour.
Xanthogen	n.	Persulphocyanogen.
Fizzing	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Fizz
Gigantical	a.	Bulky, big.
Unplat	v. t.	To take out the folds or twists of, as something previously platted; to unfold; to unwreathe.
Branded	imp. & p. p.	of Brand
Kalsomine	n. & v. t.	Same as Calcimine.
Lapful	n.	As much as the lap can contain.
Licentiate	n.	One who acts without restraint, or takes a liberty, as if having a license therefor.
Quindecemvir	n.	One of a sacerdotal college of fifteen men whose chief duty was to take care of the Sibylline books.
Preach	v. t.	To inculcate in public discourse; to urge with earnestness by public teaching.
Bedroom	n.	A room or apartment intended or used for a bed; a lodging room.
Fondled	imp. & p. p.	of Fondle
Warm	superl.	Having yellow or red for a basis, or in their composition; -- said of colors, and opposed to cold which is of blue and its compounds.
Nomarch	n.	The chief magistrate of a nome or nomarchy.
Quadrilateral	n.	A plane figure having four sides, and consequently four angles; a quadrangular figure; any figure formed by four lines.
Buttonwood	n.	The Platanus occidentalis, or American plane tree, a large tree, producing rough balls, from which it is named; -- called also buttonball tree, and, in some parts of the United States, sycamore. The California buttonwood is P. racemosa.
Unbreathed	a.	Not breathed.
Calculating	a.	Given to contrivance or forethought; forecasting; scheming; as, a cool calculating disposition.
Fraudful	a.	Full of fraud, deceit, or treachery; trickish; treacherous; fraudulent; -- applied to persons or things.
Plagiaries	pl.	of Plagiary
Xyloplastic	a.	Formed of wood pulp by molds; relating to casts made of wood pulp in molds.
Soma	n.	The whole axial portion of an animal, including the head, neck, trunk, and tail.
Yank	n.	An abbreviation of Yankee.
Xyst	n.	Alt. of Xystus
Avoider	n.	The person who carries anything away, or the vessel in which things are carried away.
Kaffle	n.	See Coffle.
Juristical	a.	Of or pertaining to a jurist, to the legal profession, or to jurisprudence.
Web-fingered	a.	Having the fingers united by a web for a considerable part of their length.
Vinny	a.	Vinnewed.
Zif	n.	The second month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, corresponding to our May.
Osselet	n.	A little bone.
Certainty	n.	The quality, state, or condition, of being certain.
Remember	v. i.	To execise or have the power of memory; as, some remember better than others.
Veneration	n.	The act of venerating, or the state of being venerated; the highest degree of respect and reverence; respect mingled with awe; a feeling or sentimental excited by the dignity, wisdom, or superiority of a person, by sacredness of character, by consecration to sacred services, or by hallowed associations.
Zubr	n.	The aurochs.
Woodhack	n.	Alt. of Woodhacker
Din	v. i.	To sound with a din; a ding.
Knight	n.	In feudal times, a man-at-arms serving on horseback and admitted to a certain military rank with special ceremonies, including an oath to protect the distressed, maintain the right, and live a stainless life.
Avigato	n.	See Avocado.
Earnestful	a.	Serious.
Bifidate	a.	See Bifid.
Krumhorn	a.	A reed stop in the organ; -- sometimes called cremona.
Parietary	n.	Any one of several species of Parietaria. See 1st Pellitory.
Knawel	n.	A low, spreading weed (Scleranthus annuus), common in sandy soil.
Chock	n.	A wedge, or block made to fit in any space which it is desired to fill, esp. something to steady a cask or other body, or prevent it from moving, by fitting into the space around or beneath it.
Frailly	adv.	Weakly; infirmly.
Gargarism	n.	A gargle.
Northeasterly	adv.	Toward the northeast.
Noonday	n.	Midday; twelve o'clock in the day; noon.
Lucubrator	n.	One who studies by night; also, one who produces lucubrations.
Gashed	imp. & p. p.	of Gash
Flagellating	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Flagellate
Funk	v. t.	To envelop with an offensive smell or smoke.
Nasute	a.	Critically nice; captious.
Ichorous	a.	Of or like ichor; thin; watery; serous; sanious.
Yarwhip	n.	The European bar-tailed godwit; -- called also yardkeep, and yarwhelp.  See Godwit.
Wive	v. i.	To marry, as a man; to take a wife.
Ungual	a.	Having a nail, claw, or hoof attached; -- said of certain bones of the feet.
Zooid	n.	An animal in one of its inferior stages of development, as one of the intermediate forms in alternate generation.
Pondering	p. pr. & vb. n.	of Ponder
Interpretatively	adv.	By interpretation.
Armature	n.	Iron bars or framing employed for the consolidation of a building, as in sustaining slender columns, holding up canopies, etc.
Technic	a.	The method of performance in any art; technical skill; artistic execution; technique.
Annulus	n.	A ring; a ringlike part or space.
Utterance	n.	Putting in circulation; as, the utterance of false coin, or of forged notes.
Equity	n.	A system of jurisprudence, supplemental to law, properly so called, and complemental of it.
Verrayment	adv.	Verily; truly.
Vent	v. t.	To scent, as a hound.
Lerot	n.	A small European rodent (Eliomys nitela), allied to the dormouse.
Omniform	a.	Having every form or shape.
Talon	n.	The shoulder of the bolt of a lock on which the key acts to shoot the bolt.
